Type 2 diabetes destroyer?
Can a low battery give lower glucose readings?
I have low blood sugar, eat low carb high fat, am diabetic type 1, and am vegan. What should I eat to raise my blood glucose level a little?
Why do I keep peeing so much?
Diabetes symptoms?
Is insulin just sugar in bloodstream?
Dieabetic, gonna only drink vegetable broth for 2 days not food, what you think?
Can i really reverse diabetes?
Can you get diabetes or pre diabetes suddenly?
Doc said my glucose was 102, I requested the a1c test, and did my glucose. I was mad.?
I had the a1c blood glucose 4, diabetes.
Very thristy, lost 19 pounds without trying
My sight at times #blury, vision, neuropathy. 102?
My grandmother's fasting blood sugar is 120. please help. what med should she take? or should she take metformin and the complete dosage.?
I dont understand the difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes?
Can someone tell me the best time and order in which to do a home Glucose test?
My mom was diabetic when I was born, what possible effects could this have on my health?
After dinner how many hours we have to wait to go for fasting blood sugar test?
How long does Insulin take?
Help my grandmother's fasting blood sugar is 130 and even though she's not diabetic. What tablet or blood sugar lowering med and the dosage?
Can I substitute humlog for levemir I have type 2 diabetes?
Im unsure about having a c section or childbirth?
How long does it take for a new dose of metformin to take effect I used to be on 500mg now they up it to 750mg I started it last Tuesday?
Is stevia sweetener safe?
Does a normal, non-fasting glucose level indicate that I do not have diabetes?
Diabetes which should be eaten sponge or angel food cake?
My blood sugar is 135 how much insulin should i start with this is all new to me?
Low blood sugar?
I have diabetes type 2 can i have laser hair removal?
Someone told me their doctor put them on insulin because the A1C level was at 9. Isn't this unusual?
Am I at risk for type 2 diabetes?
What does it mean if your blood glucose is low during fasting but normal after eating? Is this an indication of any issues?
I am 14 years old and I'm really scared of getting type one diabetes?
Heart tight and beating faster,look sick,cold and peeing ALOT every two hours and can Barely hold it?
Do parents have a right to adjust their Type 1 diabetic child's insulin levels without dr's consent?
HOW TO CONTROL MY BLOOD SUGARS?
Diagnosed with low blood sugar, not with diabetes, still feeling a little woozy after correcting eating habits, this normal?
Am I screwed (Diabetes)?
Pre-diabetes?
What types of Chips can a Diabetic eat?
My finger got a prick from friends insulin pen, he has hepatitis and diabetes. will i get infected and what can i do to limit chance? thanks?
Could I have diabetes?
Is it wrong that my mom won t let me have a cake and party and ice cream for my birthday?
How can I get my dog s blood sugar lowered even taken insulin twice a day?
Does anyone in your family have diabetes?
Different kinds of metformin?
What does it mean if you have all the common symptoms of diabetes but you always test negative for diabetes?
What happens if a diabetic actually were to eat candy or anything sweet?
Is diabetes a Disability?
In spite of polyphagia, diabetes mellitus patient suffers from weight loss. Why?
Can rat poison affect your liver and kidney s if you are Type 2 diabetic with low kidney and liver count (according to blood test),???
Ketones in urine during ER visit?! For food poisoning?!?
Scared that i may have Diabetes?
If you have type 2 diabetes at 16 can you delay the progression and live up to 80 years old ?
How long will it take a person to die after injecting an empty syringe?
Diabetes or Rash?
I m 13 years old my mom has diabetes but my dad doesn t but his dad has it and my moms mom has it will i get it please help?
How do diseases, such as diabetes, cause the soles of feet to get calluses, cracks, and ulcers?
Is there a cure for diabetes (type 1)?
Hi. I was diagnosed with t2 diabetes 9 days ago & have being on Janumet for it. Does anyone know how long it takes to kick in because even?
I use a CPAP machine and I am a diabetic with vials of insulin and needles, how can I go thru security with these items?
When fasting the doctor told me to I can still eat Breakfast and Lunch cause of my Blood Sugar I have Type II Diabetes?
94 blood sugar 3 hours after eating. Pre diabetes / insulin resistance?
Would you prefer to die or lose both of your legs to diabetes?
Is pre diabetes true or just an excuse?
Did I get diabetes by eating too much sugar?
I have 138 blood sugar in fasting.is it high blood sugar?
I have type2 diabetes 2months ago my sugar was 150-160 now it jumped to about 200 is that to high?
Work dangerous job. Have diabetic partner who doesn't care for their health. falls asleep on the job almost every shift.?
Loss in concentration and speech in diabetes and less weight?
It's peeling your skin out a good way to get rid of diabetes?
I recently was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and had my tablets changed from metformin to janumet. But I am constantly falling asleep and?
How often should I type 2 Diabetic eat during the day. I never had a great appetite & still don't & seems slightly worse on the tabs I am on?
Does a non diabetic would go 125 mg/dl 2 hours after eating or is it pre diabetic?
Could i possibly have diabetes type 2?
Research linked the artificial sweetener aspartame to diabetes, fibromyalgia,and certain forms of cancer Should it be taken off the market?
What happens if you know you have diabetes but you don't go to the doctor?
Should their be a LAW in MEXICO to ban them from drinking soda? Diabetes Scare?
Whats the name of diabetes which is responsable for frequent urination?
Just started a new tablet for Diabetes Thursday and my legs and feet are cold from the middle of my thigh down. Also had runny and stuffy?
Trying to lose weight. Need suggestions?
IF YOUR BLOOD SUGAR MONITOR IS 7.5
IS THIS TO HIGH?
I have being a type 2 diabetic for about 10 months now & I am on medication for it that is not bringing it down as fast as the Doctor would?
What is the average cost of Diabetic wound treatment today.?
My eyesight is getting worse, is this normal?
Insulin or no insulin???
ARE MY SUGAR LEVELS TO HIGH AT 7.5?
What happens if you don't take car of type 1 diabetes?
PLEASE HELP?
What Will Happen If A Diabetic Eats Sweets?
Is there any difference between insulin for humans and insulin for cats?
People say that carbs stunt growth because they cause insulin spyke that has the effect on GH, but is this a case for people with diabetes?
Had a fasting blood sugar of 112 . Is that bad?
2 days ago i kept on peeing and just couldn't stop going back , i went to the bathroom again and again not diabetes ! I pee every 5 minutes?
I think I may have Diabetes and I am scared.?
Why am I peeing a lot?
How does walking help reduce blood sugar level?
What's wrong with my blood type?
My face is really red, sore & flaky & have type 2 Diabetes, does this mean my sugar levels are high or low does anyone know.?
Where can I buy a syringe with a plastic needle at a local store? I'm need to fill some cartridges for my vape pen?
Can a positive blood type give a kidney to a negative blood type?
Why does my mouth get dry when I work out at football practice?
Would you die if you drink to much alcohol if you have diabetes type 2?
Can a cold cause high blood sugar? I have had a cold for 2 weeks. I am not a diabetic I checked my blood sugar and it was high?
Risk for Diabetes?
If you have diabetes, is the only way to get an amputation if you get a cut?
When you eat and then go to sleep when you have Type II Diabetes?
I'm 16 and I think I have type 2 diabetes, I have bad eye vision, will I became blind?
How do you lower blood sugar?
What are the differences of diabetic athletic shoes vs regular ones?
Is this diabetes?
How much does oats and milk spike your blood sugar? I'm type 2 diabetic teen and I always eat oats every morning, is it okay?
Is 36 glucose reading in healthy adult ok?
Can eating and drinking a ton of sweets daily, over a period of months cause high a1c if you are lazy?
My kid is diabetic and me and my partner dont know what to do?
What can diabetics/predibetics eat?
What is the best drugs for diabetes?
Are bananas ok if you are a diabetic?
Is fructose worse than glucose?
Can you cure diabetes by eating ***?
Do I have diabetes?
Danger of a low blood count of 69 and how to bring it to normal/?
Is this really bad? 211 blood sugar? Diabetes?
What is wrong without me?
Is 115 a normal blood sugar level after i drank coffee?
Who is taking Metforming 500 mg?
How do you know if you have diabeties?
I'm a diabetic and my lower back hurts and my thighs burn what does that mean?
What is the treatment for fatty pancreas?
The skin on two fingers have started going yellow on my right hand. Is this normal if you are a type 2 diabetic or should I see a Doctor.?
Quick and easy low carb breakfast ideas?
I am 53 yrs old and not diabetic & blood work is normal except for cholesterol. I'm female. Why do I have periferal neuropathy?
Should I get tested for diabetes?
*****HELP ASAP***?
Do i have diabetes?
I HAD A FASTING 6.0 BLOOD SUGAR LEVEL. IS THAT HIGH?
What can happen when you have type 2 diabetes , but do nothing about it.?
Non diabetic: I have eaten 4 bananas, I've checked myblood sugar 1 and 50 mins after eating the girl said I was borderline diabetic help me?
I'm 34 and diagnosed with oestoporosis. Is my life expectancy reduced or could i live a normal life?
Is it normal to have a really strong urge to drink alcohol when on medication for diabetes. I had a problem years ago where it started to?
Why does salad raise blood sugar?
Why are Pullman porters called george?
I eat awhole lot and still not diabetic how is this possible?
Should I get checked for diabetes?
Can you convince yourself you have diabetes?
If the father of a baby developed diabetes not from birth can the child get it from birth?
Why am I having all of the symptoms of diabetes but negative test results?
How did you and your doctor decide how much Lantus you should take?
I'm diabetic and I'm too lazy to take insulin?
Should I check if I have diabetes?
Does eating desert cause diabetes?
Normal blood sugar levels for non diabetic?
I am pre- diabetic, and had only 7 small bites of cheese cake. What deserts can I have at all? Anyone know?
Howto control diabetes type 1?
Insulin dosage for Diabetes level 2 (age 69yrs).?
How do i get rid of the sugar/glucose in my body?
My postprandial sugar is 190 am I diabetic?
Someone told me to go to the Doctor today as my nose was very red as this was a sign of a health problem. is this true as I have diabetes.?
If my blood type is O postive what is my parents blood type?
Do you smother your strawberry in sugar when you eat them or no sugar?
Mum forces me to eat unhealthy and I have diabetes?
Can you still ear sugar if your diabetic?
Can teenagers get diabetes too from eating unhealthy or will puberty eventually knock it off as you get taller?
My blood glucose is 6.5 am i diabetic?
About a1c in non diabetic and diabetics?
Do people with type 2 diabetes die earlier?
Is diabetic retinopathy reversible?
What's the difference between lever and liver?
What are my chances in developing diabetes later on life?????
Is diabetes a condition where your blood sugar levels are uncontrollable? where as someone that doesn't have it there blood sugar is even?
Diabetes cure?
Can people with diabetes smoke?
Question for diabetics! Did you eyes worsen over time, even with controlled blood sugar? Or was it just you getting older?
Can you brush your teeth when fasting for a blood sugar draw?
My doctor told me to completrly cuf off my salt and sugar consumption despite telling me my readings are fine. Should I be worried ?
I can't comprehend how people can go through life shooting up insulin numerous times a day?
Is type two diabetes reverse able and if so how?
CAN YOU DIE FROM LOW BLOOD SUGAR?
Does low sugar mean i'm diabetic?
Losing weight & diabetes?
How contagious Is Diabetes?
I am using la,ntus insulin 20 units in the morning & 20 units in the night my sugar level fasting is 90 . have I to reduce insulin dose?
Is oatmeal good to eat if you have diabetes?
Type 2 Diabetic: How long for me to go into diabetic coma and die?
Can losing weight cure type 2 diabetes?
If I am a type 1 diabetic and have the stomach virus and become dehydrated should I go to the hospital?
I'm prediabetic, is it ok to drink beer?
What are good beans for diabetes?
What causes or increases the risk of diabetes?
Are B positive blood type Same as B blood type?
Anyone with type 1 diabetes?
Diabetic area of health care? Is there a way for diabetics to be given sugar free foods like granola bars?
Can you get your insulin without a prescription Walmart?
They say they don't know exactly what causes diabetes, why couldn't it be a virus?
I'm 68 years old and just diagnosed with diabetes. Can this be reversed?
Maximum Insulin ml can take per day.?
What would make one toe go numb an no other? I am diabetic..never had any issues with mY feet/toes??
My husband has diabetes 4 years now eats too many cookies, candy, sodas, meat can't sleep long wakes up. Do diabetics feel sick?
How hard is it living with diabetes?
Will wife get diabetes if husband had?
Can a non-diabetic have his blood sugar go up to 10.0mmol/L or 180mg/dl if he drinks 1 liter of coke and eats a pack of donuts 2 hours prior?
My husband is diabetic eats a lot of sugary junk takes metformin but won't take his insulin shots will he collapse?
I m on insulin and metformin. My fasting check this morning was 437 and it usually runs in the 200s. What should I do?
I'm really think I have type2 diabetes, everytime I eat sugary foods my mouth feels dry. What will I do? I did test before and its 124mg/dl?
What are the effects of uncontrolled blood sugar?
Why is diabetes mellitus sometimes called "starvation in the midst of plenty"?
What is wrong with my 'friend'?
What are some uncontrolled type 2 diabetes symptoms?
How can I reduce my morning blood glucose levels (am a diet controlled Diabetic.?
What happens if you drink more than 64 oz. of water per day?
How long does it take for diabetes to develop?
Is vinegar good for high blood sugar?
Do I have diabetes?
Is a blood sugar of 730 critically high?
I get 90s in morning glucose reading.I go to the gym (Work out)afterwards,take reading again low 80s. Should I be concerned? I am in my 60s?
Which is the best Herb remedy to control blood sugar naturally without metfomin?
My fasting blood sugar is 90 while my level is around 180 after meal. Is that normal?
Does drinking beer lower your blood sugar level ?
Why must you be careful trimming the nails of a diabetic?
I just eat and one hour later my sugar level is 100, I feel awful. I eat something with lots of sugar and I feel much better.?
If you had a blood test and your Hemoglobin is 6.3, does it mean you are close to diabetes?
How exactly does diabetes affect your body?
Show me chart of A`c for diabetics?
Does my eye look diabetic or normal?
Reverse type 2 diabetes?
What are the best foods for snacks for diabetics to eat?
Normal blood glucose?
My dad is 64, he has type two diabetes. Does anyone know if I can get government assistance to help him with more of my time?
Can enough exercise replace insulin?
My daughter was diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes a week ago with blood sugar at 264. Is it possible there was an error?
My hemoglobin a1c is 9.5. may i eat apple?
Why is diabetes a disease?
A1c level went up from 4.9 to 5.9 in a 3 month period should i be worried?
Does bad teeth affect diabetes?
How much sugar a day does brain need to function well? Can we get it from fruits or table sugar?
Is there some people that go through life with type II Diabetes or type I with out no complications seriously?
Is diabetes the same as having cancer?
Will a 3 week cabbage fast help with my pre diabetes?
Do I burn more or less calories if I have type one diabetes?
Do I have diabetes?
How can a person with diabeties for 13 years, control glucose level without insulin?
IS COFFEE BAD FOR YOU IF YOU H AVE DIABETES?
What is diabetes type 2?
My blood test said that my glucose/tryglicerides were high. Does that mean I'm at risk for having diabetes?
How to cure diabetes?
Im 21 at a healthy weight and I may have diabetes? What does it mean to have diabetes?
Really scared about getting Diabetes help?
Is 16g sugar alcohol good or bad for 5 pieces of candy?
Is 10.7 a but high for a blood sugar reading?
Concerning blood sugar levels?
Do I have diabetes?
My pee tastes sweet?
How many grams of sugar per day?
Someone suggested I take a diabetes test. What are the signs of diabetes and would someone know if they have diabetes?
Foods and nutrition?
Could I be diabetic?
Is glucose present in urine/?
New to diabetes :(?
Is metformin good for the use in type 1 diabetes?
I suffer from Diabetes 2 and how do I take carte of my Eyes?
This guy has diabetes and wants to fight me what to do?
I have an extreme hate for cheese. How do I get over it?
Can stress cause low blood sugar?
My blood sugar is 90 and I m only 12 is that bad?
Would I be able to register my moms cat as a diabetic alert animal?
Is glipizide a good diabete medicine?
Why does my blood sugar go from 99 to 200 in two hours after breakfast of toast and yogurt?
Do i have diabetes im 15?
I currently take 1000 mg metformin morning and night. My current HB A1c is 6.9. Am I considered diabetic or prediabetic?
If you are not diabetic patient and still your injuries take too much time to heal what are the reasons for it and how you can improve it?
What isthe normal blood sugar both fasting and post prandial, and can you determine diabetes thru fingervprick test?
Blood sugar 7.5. Is that high after eating.?
Blood sugar rose 40 mg overnight (read below)?
Checked my blood sugar for the 1st time and it was 54. (Newly vegan since the New Years) Is this insulin resistance/diabetes?
Why does it take 8 hrs. to do the a1c test and what does it involve?
How long does it take for neuropathy to develop in a diabetic patient?
Should I give up my insulin pump and switch to manual insulin injections because a girl I want to date doesn't like the pump?
I ate and I'm still feel hungry? Is that a sign of diabetes?
Could i get diabetes?
Can you still get diabetes if you get fat from over eating on greens and vegetables?
My mother is type 2 diabetic, and my older brother (24) is type 1 diabetic since he was in middle school. Am I at risk of developing it, too?
These days and times is it rare to have a foot or a leg amputated from diabetes or do people still go through that?
Is Type 2 Diabetes genetic? Can it be prevented? If ou have type 2 through diet and exercise can it "go" away?
My blood sugar was 8.2, does this mean I'm diabetic?
Early symptoms of Type 2 diabetes?
Are you more likely to get a c section if you have diabetes?
Am i diabetic?
Alternative treatments for diabetes?
Any specific job that works with diabetes patients?
How blood samples are disposed off after it gets tested ? Why this blood cannot be used for the patients needing blood ?
Can i get type 1 diabetes?
Do plain cheerios spike blood sugar?
If you were shot in the pancreas, could you develop diabetes?
My grandad has diabetes, how do u cure it fam?
I have diabetes how big can my baked potatoe be?
Does this mean I'm going to die?
Diabetes: Diet for lowering AC1? Struggling.?
How exact is the human body's amount of insulin it secretes in order to maintain health?
What is type 1 and type 2 diabetes?
Do I have diabetes I get blurred vision sometimes I heavy breath sometimes And get dizzy?
My friend won't take her insulin shots?
What are the risks of not injecting insulin?
What diabetic sugar substitute is best for baking?
My breathe has been smelling like poop for about a month and it s embarrassing help! (Btw I have diabetes & I can t find any cures)?
What are some ideas for breakfast for type 1 diabetic?
How to lower blood sugar quickly?
In the past 30 years, have doctors changed how they measure blood sugar?
I think i have diabetes...?
Doctor how can i get my diabetis in control?
Blood sugar 87 five hours after breakfast is this normal ?
Diabetes insipidus and diabetes mellitus are completely different. Why do they both contain "diabetes"?
So i'm Pre-Diabetic and I wanna know ways to lower my sugar levels to the normal levels. I already drink 4 bottles of water a day!?
Is type 2 diabetes the same as type 2 diabetes mellitus?
Will one donut a day increase chances of diabetes ?
IS sugar free gum safe for children?
Is it possible to cure diabetes? Like not be fat?
Equal - Sugar Substitute is it better then sugar?
Diabetic cure by?
Could anyone explain what may be the cause of potassium level in blood to skyrocket?
I have diabetes and trying to find what i can eat and drink?
Which Whisky goes better with ginger ale, Crown Royal or Jim Beam Black Label Extra Aged?
How did I get type 1 Diabetes from someone with type 2?
Side Effects of Medication?
Do I have type 2 diabetes?
Is honey healthier than sugar?
What fingers are used for blood sugar testing?
Is having Diabetes something to be embarrassed about?
What makes your blood sugar get higher?
I ate a big will I get diabetes?
I m 13 and I think I have diabetes?
If a patient has been using novolog insulin .can they switch over to levemir insulin?
I don't know what to do?!?!?
If i suddenly cut ALL processed sugar out of my excessive sweets diet, does that somehow shock my system and increase my risk for diabetes?
What is best area on your body to inject insulin?
Are you at a high pregnancy risk when you have type diabetes along with with hypothyroidism ?
Will i become a diabetic if i drink 1 soda a day?
Low blood sugar?
Where can you get free ultra mini lancets?
Is ensure milk good for diabetes people ?
Do you think I have diabetes?
I don't know whats wrong with me?
Once you start showing Type 2 Diabetes symptoms, can you prevent it?
Can you live healthy as a diabetic type 2 without eating any carbohydrates at all?
Diabetic can't afford insulin?
I have type 2 , plenty of exersize, use metformin+ guliburide,but my a!c is still 7.8?
In Diabetics, what does the 'A' stand for, what does the '1' stand for, and what does the 'C' stand for in A1C?
Can diabetics eat boiled peanuts?
I am almost 52 years old, have had type 1 diabetes for 10 years, and use insulin . I am Worry About Weight Gain With Insulin, what l do ?
Glipizide side affect?
If I have a tingling sensation in my ankles is it an early warning sign of diabetes?
Dizzyness, head feels distant, feel like I'm going to collapse.?
Can diabetes make someone act strange (ex. not make sense when speaking) and what can they do to recover from that state?
Is 234 an okay blood sugar 2 hours after eating frosted miniwheats?
"Non-diabetic" with a blood sugar reading of 234 about half-hour after eating candy...should I be scared?
What is the normal sugar level reading on mornings before breakfast?
What is the diffrence between white sugar,splenda, equal and brown sugar?
Hypoglycemia blood sugar levels, what is normal?
Does every type of food contain sugar?
My blood sugar (fasting) was 591 yesterday and 401 today, What should I do?
I get sick (diarrhea) every time I eat something sweet. Do I have diabetes?
Can you have headache from high blood sugar?
Ok so I'm type one, and if I take my insulin to correct my numbers, but not for food, will that still make me skinny??!?
I am worried for my mother?
Brown sugar vs White Sugar vs Artificial Sweetners?
Is 158 blood sugar high after not eating or drinking for 6 hours?
How bad is a blood sugar level of 920?
I was playig candy crush u know the usual but there was so much candy in one row. I am really scared do i have diabetes now or herpes?
Too much sugar?
Do I have diabetes?
I was in the shower but my brother was to. does that mean that he can transfer hit diabetes to me?
IF ANY PERSON INJECT 1000 UNITS or 10 ml / cc INSULIN INTO THE VEINS............. WHAT HAPPEN ..... .. ?
Is orange juice not good for people with type 1 diabetes?
What can I do to bring down my A1C and my blood Glucose. What can I eat to help it.?
How long do I have left with my mum now she s sick?
Is honey nut cheerios good for a diabetic?
I'm scared I might have diabetes?
Low blood sugar?
Should i go to the hospital as my blood sugar is 12.3?
How can you tell if you have diabetes and what is it?
IF ANY PERSON INJECT 5000 UNITS INSULIN INTO THE VEINS............. WHAT HAPPEN ? HAVE ANY CHANCE TO HANDLE IT ……. ?
IF ANY PERSON INJECTED 50 ML INSULIN IN VEIN, WHAT HAPPENS TO THE PERSON IN THIS CASE?
Frequent urination?
Never asking google about my health again?
Optometry evaluaton for diabetes?
Type II diabetes will flaxseed ole help?
Blood sugar level 10.2 is it dangerous?
Should I be taking Metformin if I am not diabetic?
Could no insulin be the problem?
How are you coping with type 2 diabetes?
What are the symptoms of diabetes?
High sugar count 310?
How likely am I to get diabetes when I get older I'm 13 now and how likely will someone go blind from diabetic retinopathy?
Oatmeal is all I eat for breakfast. I was recently diagnosed w/gout. What is a good substitute? I'm diabetic.?
My daughter puts more sugar into her juice sometimes, how harmful is this?
What does lantus insulin do different from other insulin???
Is this a sign of diabetes?
Do I have diabetes I'm 13?
Ok so I heard soda causes diabetes, I'm almost 21 and I drink A LOT of soda but I'm skinny. What are my chances of getting diabetes?
Glucose average and wether i am diabetic and should control my eating.?
Signs of diabetes?
If sugar is energy, why do people say candy is bad for you?
For a Type 2 diabetic, what is worse a low blood sugar or a high blood sugar.
and what can happen?
Have I had too much sugar?
Is it TOO LATE? Do I already have early signs of DIABETES TYPE 2?
Switching from a HMO to Medicare....now that Dec. 7 has passed?
Should I get a blood glucose monitor?
What will help prevent me from getting diabetes?
I did my glucose test this morning this never happen before it was 382 what went wrong usually around 150 to 180?
I been diagnosed with prediabetes. I plan on seeking medical treatment and now it will soon turn to diabetes. Do I have to wait so?
I have type 1 diabetes and my blood sugars have been unexplained high lately. (150-250) I'm newly a teen so is this just part of growing?
Is there a place where you can check into stay for a long while with doctors and trainers to help you lose weight?
My wife was not a Diabetic. having all parameters on the safer side.But suddenly collapse. What happened to her?
How do I convince a family member to eat & drink healthier?
I am 53 and my A1C went from 8.1 to 8.6 in 4 months. What can I do to lower it?
Am 36 yr old my hemoglobin level 19.3g/dl. May I donate my blood??
Is potato starch good for controlling blood sugar levels?
MY BLOOD SUGAR IS 95, HOWEVER I HAVE BEEN FEELING WEAK AND NOT WANTING TO DO ANYTHING?
I just ate one M&M will I get diabetes?
Is light corn syrup glucose or fructose?
When is the best time to test my blood sugar?
How will I know if I have diabeties? I have been consuming a lot of sugary foods over the past year.?
Diabetes small cut on my finger ?! Help ?
Am I Pre-Diabetic With Normal Fasting Sugar at Doctor Office?
What symptoms herald the onset of diabetes type 2?
Is diabetes a good weight loss plan?
Please answer need help?
Can schools test your children for type ii diabetes? If so, which states is this legal in?
Glyburide/Metformin should be take before or after meals ?
Why am I extremely thirsty but have no appetite?
Can diabetes be obliterated from a person body through weight loss?
Is Intermittent Fasting harmful for pregnancy?
Is it true that diabetes makes you impotent and frigid? Someone please answer???
I think I have diabetes.?
My feet are tingling after blood sugar over 600?
Keep repeating blood test..?
Can you go blind as a result of diabetes even if your blood sugar is normal?
Do you come from a long history of diabetes in your bloodline?
Is a fasting blood sugar of 111 good or bad for a non-diabetic?
How long would you say this person has left to live?
Why is blood sugar level is fluctuated in the body of dibetic patient?
Fat people, big people, sometimes act like they have problems because they do have problems. diabetes?
Will i get diabetes?
Im 13 years old and ever since july ive been having these weird peeing problems.?
Is Diabetes type 2 curable?
Could I live my whole life with diabetic retinopathy and not be blind if im 13?
Does diabetes type 3 going to exist in the future?
What do you do if you have the kind of foot problems a diabetic has, but you don't have diabetes?
How to live a healthy life free from major illness such as cancer, diabetes, heart problems?
Really anxious about diabetes! can you get it within a month?
My blood sugar is 46 and I feel dizzy what should I do?
I am really scared I am gonna get diabetes?
What are my chances of diabetes?
Why are my blood sugars so high?
How do i stop insulin crystallizing in the needles?
Will diabetes spread through sex?
Can diabetes symptoms come and go?
Is my blood sugar normal?
Will diabetes spread through saliva?
Should I keep telling children that Santa Claus died from diabetes?
What would happen if I took a full pack of metformin and I don't have diabetes?
Is it true that not eating enough sugar can lead to diabetes?
How much insulin to commit suicide?
I was diagnosed as a borderline diabetic and while I do eat sugar, I eat healthy and exercise. Can I catch diabetes fast?
Parkinson diabetes kydney stones arthritic knees heart condition?
Will diabetes spread through sex?
Will diabetes spread through sex?
What eats then got diabetic?
If I am diabetic would drinking coke all day be suicidal behavior?
My big toe is numb and tingly, do i have diabetes?
Is it normal to constantly have blood sugars in the 200 s?
I m 26 years old i am paitent of gallbladder ployps 3-4 mm doctors says last option is opration please help me this matter without opration.?
Diabetes causes?
Am I in danger?
Does having a very fast metabolism decrease the risk of diabetes?
My blood sugar was at 124 mg/dl 5 mins after eating high carb meal (fried chicken, rice and sprite)am I diabetic? Btw I m 15year old f, 65kg?
If i've had diabetes all my life and I treat it properly can I not be blind my whole life?
Can I feel depressed living with someone with diabetes?
Health insurance for a type 1 diabetic needing insulin?
I got bit by a goldfish. Am I gonna get Diabetes?
How to determine if a person is diabetic thru a finger prick test?
What happens if Novalin N is kept refrigerated after opening?
What's the range of a borderline diabetic, the girl that did my finger prick test said I am a prediabetic at 124mg/dl?
Does playing hockey causes heart attacks?
Are honey, and fructose as bad for type 2 diabetics as refined sugar is?
I don't have diabetes but my grandma has and she uses saccharin instead sugar and i use saccharin instead sugar too (It's been a long time).?
My blood sugar before breakfast is 5.2 and after 4.6 . am I in danger? my age 47. male?
I'm thirsty all the time?
My glucose test came back my score is 103 what does that mean?
My roommate is having problem with his leg hurting him he diabetes?
I HAVE A QUESTION PLEASE ANSWER AND NO SILLY QUESTIONS?
Whats the danger zone for high blood sugar for type II diabetics?
What is the normal blood sugar level, for a healthy person?
Why not insulin after the meal?
My fasting blood sugar is 93 I cannot believe it?
Would a young kid with diabetes have a higher risk of going blind because he has it longer?
Type 2 diabetic going on an anti candidia diet. Please help.?
If bread apparently turns to sugar when it digests in your stomach, can you get diabetes from eating bread?
Can diabetes cause mild neck pain?
Sweet taste in mouth?
IS EATING RAW PLANTAIN GOOD FOR DIABETICS?
Can pre diabetes be reversed? I did a test and my levels came back to 5.7?
Best consumer sold beverages for diabetics?
Diet (and daily routine) for a diabetic to lose weight and feel regular within a week?
Pre diabetic symptoms?
If some one has A1C H is 6.1 is he diabetic or prediabetic?
Could I be pregnant?
Can pancreatitis be a sign of diabetes?
Can cold medicine elevate your blood sugar levels?
Do my girlfriend have diabetes?
What to use to cleanse my liver. I have type 2 diabetis?
Are my blood sugar results normal? Not diagnosed yet as Prediabetic or Diabetic?
My mother, two uncles and one aunt have diabetes. What are my chances of getting it too?
AGE 20 BLOOD SUGAR FASTING 135!?
What is metformin and its side effects?
How to prevent diabetes?
Fasting for blood sugar test,eight hours or 12 hours?
Diabetes ! Testing?
My doctor screened me for diabetes without my knowledge!?
Is there a way diabetes can develop in 7 months?
Is granulated sugar and regular sugar the same?
Should parents be punished if their child has diabetes due to being overweight?
How to falsify blood sugar?
Can a blood glucose meter tell you if you have diabetes ?
How much magnesium needed to clear diabetes?
How to control Diabetes?
If something is covered by the Medicaid program ( like diabetic supplies) does that mean I dont need to pay?
If they tell me I can eat before I go get blood drawn too check on my thyroid , does that mean they check my blood sugar too or no?
Can a 15 year old get type 2 diabetes or other debilitating diseases or is this just natural at this point in my life?
Thoughts on blood type diet?
If you have hypoglycemia, can a blood test be able to tell at any time? Or only when you feel shakey?
Next How do i treat leg sores, i am a diabetic, they won't heal?
Is it a myth that diabetes causes erectile dysfunction?
Do I have diabetes?
I have a 40 yr old mom slightly overweight woman with Type 2 diabetes. She has high blood pressure and chronic high blood sugar levels.?
MTF HRT Symptom's?
Which is worse,type1 or type 2 diabetes?
How do you get diabetes at a young age?
Do doctors test for diabetes during a checkup?
Who else thinks an insulin dependant diabetic can have apple pie?
How do I get tested for diabetes?
My blood sugar is 18.2 mmol is that dangerous?
Is my grandma going to die?
Is suddenly eating less sugar a symptom for diabetes?
I think I might be pre diabetic because it's not very dark it's light.?
I don't know early symptoms of diabetes?
My pee feels cold?
Diabetic readings if you was to get an average read of 6.4 on your glucose level is this high or low because its so confusing.?
Does belly fat relate to diabetes are diabetics set to be obese?
Can you lower a1c in 50 days?
Do artificial sweetners put blood sugars up? if so are any kinds better for diabetics?
My friend has Type 2 diabetes and won't stop eating unhealthy foods..what does this mean?.?
How severe is the thirst a diabetic would experience?
How do you find out if you have diabetes?
What does e-9 mean on my accu meter?
I think I'm diabetic but the doctor didn't find anything?
Could I have diabetes or is what i'm experiencing pretty normal?
Diabetes. Can Diabetes caused red, dry, painful hands? No answers needed after 11/26/2016? Thank you.?
Can diabeties cause tooth pain?
Do I have diabetes?
Is my A1c bad enough to take insulin. At 7.6 When my blood sugar levels read 189 1 hour after supper?
Is the reason you become diabetic is because your prostate stops working?
Which drug is best for diabetic?
If i eat unhealthy but only drink water is there any risk of diabetes, heart disease etc.?
I am a type II diabetic and my blood sugar is under control with insulin. Is it OK to eat chocolate every other day?
Can consuming 400 carbs a day cause diabetes?
What AC1 reading makes one a Type 2 diabetic?
I am getting a physical blood test tomorrow I am scared that I may not be able to drink sugar soda, eat sugar or sweet tea and I am 23 help?
What causes a banana to have a dark streak down it's entire inside?
Is it bad to smoke marijuana as a type 1 diabetic? What could happen?
My doctor told me I have an elevated A1C test and a normal blood glucose? Does that truly mean I am at risk for diabetes?
Where to biy non invasive glucose meter?
My friend's boyfriend abuses her, he says it's because he Has diabetes....is there any truth to that?
Do you get angry at ignorant people thinking there's a cure for type one diabetes?
Why don't doctors give any medications for pre-diabetes. I do exercise 1 hr per day and very healthy diet, my a1c keeps going up?
My Blood sugar and A1C keeps going out. I have cut all carbs out. I have not touched bread or sugar in a year. Someone help?
I am a diabetic and my blood sigar level is at 99 is this normal before bed?
Can a female diabetic still have an orgasm?
High blood sugar for 3 days?
Diabetic with what looks like Brown Urine? Help?
How is type 1 diabetes similar to starvation?
Am I going to get diabetes?
How long does it take for a diabetic to develop neuropathy?
Do people with low blood sugar need to eat more sugar?
I skipped lunch and felt like passing out but my glucose isn't low ?
Should I keep telling kids that Santa Claus died from diabetes?
Do I have diabetes :(?
Diabetics - with what do you wash your hands, before testing your own blood/sugar? Ordinary soap, handwash - what?
What are 3 types of drugs diabetes type 1 and 2 can use?
Have you ever had Diabetes?If so, what symptoms did you notice first?
WHAT CAN A DIABETIC EAT AND NOT EAT PERHAPS?? INSTANT NOODLES? CANNED GOODS? TUNA? SARDINES? SUGAR-FREE COFFEE? IDEAS PLEASE?
What would happen if blood sugar was 13?
How long must you wait to eat after injecting insulin?
How to get rid of diabetes?
How did you reverse your type 2 diabetes?
What happens if you don't take care of type one Diabetes?
How does cinamom help in Type 2 Diabetes?
How much one should walk if he is prediabatic.?
Unable to cope with poorly managed Type 1 diabetic boyfriend?
My son is 10 years old blood sugar was 280 before dinner. Should I be concerned or wait to see his doc tomorrow morning?
Prediabetes, but I've still been eating sugar.. Will I be okay?
I just came from the doctor's and they said I'm borderline diabetic and anemic. Any advice?
Dose eating mutton increase cholesterol levels?
Since I heard that sugar is bad for us. How can I get my blood sugar down to 0?
Who keeps lying to people and telling them they cannot reverse diabetes?
I would like to know what are the foods to avod for a child with type 1 diabetes?
Will diabetes cause me to lose my eyesight?
What pharmacies will sell insulin syringes in Morristown tn without perscription for insulin?
Do I have I have a sign of diabetes or do I have diabetes?
Are sugar related firms such as chocolate companies diabetes enablers? If so, to what extend?
Could i have diabetes and not know it?
Medicare question?
Can fruit give you diabetes?
My wife, type 2 diabete, has high blood sugar, how to reduce it?
Dealing with Diabetes?
Is there a way to be physically fit when you're a diabetic?
Having really bad side effects of metformin have noticed when not taken symptoms improve can I reduce or stop?
Type 1 Diabetes causing swollen lymph nodes?
Is coke high or very high in sugar?
What would you do if you were told you were diabetic?
What to do if taken extra insulin injection, took 38 units of Levemir and maybe another one...BS was 155 25 min ago ...is now 101?
My 8 year old daughter has 5 signs of a diabetic she has stomach pain and been having virus a lot in the past 2 months she get bad headache?
Could I have diabetes, sweet taste in mouth?
How often should a1c be checked during pregnancy?
Hi fat Americans, how is diabetes?
Prediabetes question... I recently got results back and was diagnosed as a Prediabetic. I would like to know some tips.... (read on)?
What is responsible for the 'sugar high' that comes from eating juice, soda. candy, etc.?
What causes people with high blood sugar to wake up multiple times throughout the night to get up and pee?
How do I know if I m diabetic ?
Is a blood infection deadly for an 85 year old diabetic?
Can diabetics eat pears?
I stole my brothers insulin and took it all thinking it was heroin, is OK?
I have too much sugar in my blood(Iam not diabetic),But i feel extremely nauseous and irritated mentally, what do i do? I have already vomit?
Do I have diabetes ?
What is the latest you can eat when you're having a Diabetes Test?
Could I live day to day for years with diabetes and never know it or would I be ill a lot?
What's the easiest way to lose weight with Type 1 Diabetes?
Do carbs cause diabetes?
Are these symptoms o diabetes??
Type 1 Diabetic And Liqour Safty Precautions?
I recently got diagnosed with diabetes?
I want to write something from my blood?
How did i get type 2 diabetes when i dont have the lifestyle or family history to go with it?
Why does my arm hurt so much?
I have a type two diabetes I checked last night my blood sugar was 355 but this morning when I checked my blood sugar was 218?
Are these symptoms of low blood sugar?
Can you drain a pimple with a hypodermic needle?
I can't get my blood sugar under 240. I am so hungry. HELP!?
What do these symptoms mean??? PLEASE HELP!!?
What to do if prediabetic?
I have taken 400 ml of humalog should that do it . I am about 350 lbs?
I have type2 diabetes...3injections daily and 1 at night...what will happen if I decide to stop taking my injections?
My mom has diabeties and her whole body is shaking and she has been vomiting since last night.She can't talk anymore I don't what to do?
Over 9000 blood sugars is bad?
Blood sugar 40 I shot brothers insulin to fix ,how long is work?
Best drinks for type one diabetics besides water?
Can overeating cause your blood sugar to drop?
I'm worried that I might have diabetes?
Is diabetes type 2 a really bad disease or do you just have to stay healthy and reverse it?
Can Type-2 diabetes cancel out Type-1 Diabetes?
I went to the eye doctors in august and they said my eyes were healthy does that mean that I don't have diabetes because of diabetic retino?
How long can u survive with undiagnosed type 1 diabetes?
If sugar makes other stuff sweet, what makes sugar sweet?
What s the best remedie for diabetes?
My fridge is empty and I'm poor. I have sugar. Would it do the trick?
Where can i get the needless sugar tester at?
Why would blood glucose lowered soon after insulin injection?
Is there a test to determine type one or type two diabetes?
Type 2 diabetes in teens?
If some body is daibatic type 2.and at night his gulcose drop in 48 range .what precaution .one should do?
My urine is very foamy plz help what can i do I am very depressed please help?
Do I have diabetes?
When I eat chocolate I feel good does that mean I m diabetic?
Is 411 blood sugar bad?
Is one good fasting blood test done by the gp enough to say you are not diabetic.?
Who sells Diabetic Shoes in Huntsville,Al?
A1c diabetes?
My husband was recently diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes and his blood sugar was somewhere around 890.?
One lump or two?
Is it possible to control diabetes with just metformin and Glimepiride?
Does eating raw hotdog cure diabete?
Would having the flu cause an increase in blood sugar?
Hypoglycemia or PreDiabetic?
My husband has alcoholic liver cirrhosis, portal hypertension, diabetes, high blood pressure, was in the hospital 2 years ago due to anemia.?
What to eat before blood sugar test?
How can i prevent myself from having diabetes?
Can you reverse type 2 diabetes?
What's the test called to check for diabetes or signs of it?
Can a super skinny 15 year old delelop diabetes?
I can't handle my Diabetes?
Reasons why I would vote against a Sugar tax?
Can types of diabetes go away?
Help! I've just started a new drug for my Type 2 Diabetes which I take once a day, at lunchtime. I got it out of the blister sheet but?
Blood sugar is 300 and I just drank a bottle of maple syrup to adjust it, how long until it is normal?
Alternate sites for blood testing?
I'm concerned i have diabetes but want advice before going to the doctor?
I'm a type 1 diabetic, My glucose levels are usually in the double digits 70-90 rarly it over 120. Are these good numbers?
Poked my self with dirty glucose needle please help?
I had a blood test on Friday. Would the doctor call if they found that I had diabetes or high blood sugars.?
How long does it take to develop diabetes?
Do I have diabetes?
BAKING SODA DOES CURE TYPE 2 DIABETIES?
What is 3+ A ketones in urine, in urinalysis. If someone feels extremely ill and feels like they'll die, but glucose is normal.?
What is the difference between Type I and Type II Diabetes?
I m 13 years old and diabetes runs in my family, often I get light headed and shaky when I need to eat sugary foods I think I have it help?
How does a person become diabetic?
My husband has type 2 diebeties is yelliw rice also bad?
What are good blood sugar levels for a person with diabetes?
Can a diabetic eat bananas?
I think I may be getting diabetes?
Can I get a prescription for weed if I have diabetes?
How can I get my diabetes medicine without a doctor or prescription?
Can you have sugar with diabetes?
What causes people with high blood sugar to wake up multiple times throughout the night to get up and pee?
I am peeing a lot and sometimes I have to go like 4 minutes later, but it s a small amount. Am I diabetic?
Is my blood sugar high?
If I drink 1 litre of pepsi every 2 days, will i get diabetes?
The results of my lab work show my blood sugar level is elevated and dr. wants to see me next week, what test will I get,any way to pass it?
Is a 117/ 70 blood pressure bad ? I'm 19 ,5'4 and weight about 228. Could that means I may have diabeties also ?
Why do we see so many ads around town and online about people wanting to buy diabetic test strips?
I'm male and very hot and uncomfortable all the time?
What are your blood glucose levels after a REAL sugary meal?
Which of the following are health consequences of diabetes? (select all that apply)?
Is this considered discrimination?
Is an a1c number of 5.5 bad?
I'm 18 years of age. 16 stones and 5foot10. I'm muscular in arms and legs do I have diabetes?
I need some reassurance - and before I start, the GP Diabetic Nurse and GP are involved but whereas my husband's previous bloods returned?
Could I be a diabetic ? I'm a 19 F. I weight about 240 lbs. when I wake up I notice my hands are numb. Somtimes my feet get numb also?
Do peppermint candy lower blood sugar levels for Type 1 Diabetics?
My morning fasting glucose is always above 150 yet my HB1Ac stays around 7.3. Is that OK or should I be concerned?
What symptoms do type 2 diabetics have..
could it be different for everyone. ? what is your experience?
Am I in DKA?
Im 13 weigh 60 kg usually take walks but i have symptomes of diabetes plz help :(?
Could I be a type 2 diabetic ? I'm a 19 F, 5'4 I weight about 240 lbs. when I wake up I notice my hands are numb. Somtimes my feet get numb?
How long will it take for a person to become diabetic and how much sugar must be consumed per day?
Why does diabetes stop the regulation of blood glucose?
My hemoglobin a1c is 4.8?
Is insulin a hormone?
How to Avoid extremely Hunger for Diabetic Patients?
Should I go to the ER or wait?
What causes people with high blood sugar to wake up multiple times throughout the night to get up and pee?
How to beat Diabetic parmantly ...Why there not have any Medicine yet?
I think I have type 1 diabetes but I can't get diagnosed...?
Is there a way to know if you have diabetes without going to the doctors?
What's the signs of type two diabetes ?
If having low insulin makes you hungry and saps your energy, then why is it a crime to be fat?
Is 122 blood sugar level bad?
Questions about diabetes?
I'm a type 1 diabetic, will this affect my sex life in bad ways?
What are common ages to be diagnosed with Insulin Resistance?
Can a Type 1 diabetic drink liqours such as Crown Royal? Vodkas? With moderations of course. Or is this complete no go?
I was newly diagnosed with 7.2 A1C my blood sugar was 124 mgdl am I a pre diabetic?
Have you eaten sugar free candies and not be a diabetic?
I have type 2 diabetes and it is time for me to take a pill but my sugar is 86 right now. Advice from someone?
Do 80 grams of carbs make a difference?
Do I have diabetes type 1?
Can stress affect blood sugar levels in diabetics?
Can my therapist tell my grandma...?
My husband has diabetes, hbp, gout and high cholesterol he eats candy, salty chips, soda, moon pies, pop tarts etc. Will he get sicker?
Where do i get insulin plant in mumbai?
Could this be diabetes?
Does nerve pain from diabetes ever get cured?
Why would someone with diabetes be prescribed glucagon?
Ok will depakote cause my diabetes 2 and if thats possible can I take a natural hollistic medicine?
Diagnosed with pre diabetes and confused?
I'm 39yrs old with type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure. But I've taken 3 bad falls in the last 4 days. Any ideas of what could be wrong?
Should i tell to my fiance about my type 1 diabetes.?
Are bananas too much sugar for a pre-diabetic?
Why does hypertension lead to diabetes 2?
How to avoid frequent hungry for diabetics patients?
Is there any anti Diabetic and is any cure for Diabetic pamanently?
Can diabetics give blood?
Type 1 diabetes ruined my life?
Why are my fasting blood sugar numbers low but high after meals?
How do I stop my sugar addiction?
Is 1.4 sugar level ok?
I'm looking for a diabetic machine with free test strips and free machine?
Diabetes & pasta
yes/no?
I was wondering if you can have a blood test to show exactly what foods you are intolerant to? Or can you buy a kit from the chemist?
What to do about high cholesterol?
I just took my blood sugar and it was 333! At what point should I go to the hospital?
How does Pepto Bismol affect me?
Went to the doctor cause ifeel like I have to go pee and nothing really comes out so they tested me for diabetes? I'm scared?
My dad feels diabetic but the test always say he isn't?
I m 15 years old and weigh 188, I m 5 10 I fear I might have diabetes bc I have been getting this leg pains on my left leg.?
I am 23 and had a blood test. Sugar levels were 5.7 (almost pre diabetes). I really let my self go past 3 months. Can I get that no. down?
Should I eat a bedtime snack if my sugar is high?
Consequences of eating a lot of chips.?
If someone is diabetic, do they have to take insulin shots? Or is there another type of medicine they can take to control their diabetes?
How does diabetes cause hypertension ?
Is there a way to prevent non-genetic diabetes?
Is there any way to get temporary diabetes?
Can you get diabetes even if it doesn't run in your family?
How come someone with diabetes who takes a lot of exercise would need less insulin than someone who doesn't exercise?
My veins show that they are green! Does it mean i have diabetes?
Could diabetes develop in just a year?
Will eating freeze dried bananas give me diabetes?
Does eating pork meat a risk on diabetes patient?
Is herpes a life sentenced decease?
How much time it takes to get cure?
What are the daily life precautions.?
How fast could diabetes type ll develop?
Can you sneeze when you got type 2 diabetics?
Is it true to cure diabetes by diet plan?
Why diabetes cause hypertension ?
Is being tired all the time a symptom of diabetes?
Diabetic foot pain?
Was I wrong to skip my diabetic medicine last night?
Do You Need to Fast Before a Cholesterol and Diabetes Test?
Blood sugar reading of 231?
Im 16 years old, drinking a lot of water, and peeing every 30 mins. I got a blood test last month and i didn t have diabetes.what could it b?
I m diabetic, type 1, i want to have a baby but I m scared that its not healthy for my body. Is it? Can a diabetic have a healthy pregnancy?
What are these symptoms related to?
Low blood sugar what should i do?
What should I do? My blood sugar is 548?
Have I got a right to ask this from my diabetes nurse?
Do you have to put on a job application that you have diabetes?
Is this a good way to check your blood sugar?
Is it better to inject insulin standing or sitting?
Is a lactic acid of 6.4 critical?
Do you believe in doctors wanting to draw blood every three months for pre-diabetes?
Do Brazilian seeds cause diabetes?
Is 150 blood sugar a diabetic?
Can a person with diabetes eat chocolate mud cake?
Blood Glucose level is always between 87-98 different times of the day even when i eat. is this normal?
Do i have to see the doctor for type 2 diabetes medicine?
Im worried. I don t know if I have a diabetes or none. I ve been in peptic ulcer last month. After that, my acid still attacking sometimes.?
Do I have diabetes?
I have Diabetes, and my Doctors said to use my insulin 3 times a day but my mom says only if blood sugar is under 150. What do I do?
What is the current status of diabetes type 1 here now in 2016?
Is it true that a low blood sugar level can lead to diabetes?
I am recently Diabetic, and today I noticed the top part of my feet around my ankles have fluid build up, what do I do?
Is natural yogurt bad for diabetics?
Doctor prescribed the wrong thing?...?
Blood sugar test (at home) came out differently when I kept my finger on the test strip? Why? has this happened to anyone else?
Signs of a 13 year old girl having diabetes ?
Between about what longitudes?
Can a person with Diabetes eat Thai food?
Diabetes, Could bieng pre diabetic make your Penis barrel hurt some times and my right nut acutely though? It isn't constant?
Which drink can I drink if I am having diabetes and my sugar levels are fluctuating?
Blood sugar borderline what foods do I avoid?
Why are diabetics psychotic and evil when they are hungry?
How fast can type 2 diabetes occur? I think I have Plantar Fibromatosis.?
Just saw doc today my triglycerides are 440.He said I am pre diabetic have Osteoarthritis use a walker.I am only 52. What can I do?
I feel dizzy, nausea, a terrible tension headache, and I get super hot and sweaty alot. Could this be diabetes?
How much water does a type 1 diabetic drink?
Is it normal for glucose to be lower after eating better and working out ?
I'm diabetic and I am having trouble eating right and exercising. Is this possibly a sign of depression? Am I suicidal?
Is there any place that I could get my mother a Pancreatic Transplant or see someone who specializes in endocrinology?
Why is it that most people who are fat DONT have diabetes?
I absolutely hate water, but I highly need it. What do I do?
My friend has type one diabetes. She is in the hospital every other week. Why is this?
How many sweets/chocolate you must eat per day to get diabetes?
Why am I having trouble with this medication?
Do I have diabetes? PLEASE HELP?
Am DIABETIC TAKE LOTS OF MEDS One is opioid fantail.025 been constipated for 5 days tried everything. lots of gas but no poop?
Would milk thistle hurt if i use metformin and janovia for diabetes?
Help please. I'm currently Type 2 diabetes and my medication isn't controlling it any longer. I have been offered a 'new' drug so I?
Does every person with diabetes urinate often and feel very thirsty?
Why does the right side of my right thigh go numb when I sit in a car seat?
Had donut morning of bloodwork. Glucose came back high at 121. Safe range is 77-99. Prior tests always normal. new test tmrw. Fasting now.?
I have a question about diabetes testing....?
Help me understand! I have no family history of anything! I'm 29 years old...female!?
Do i have diabetes?
Do i have diabetes?
How long does it take to get over diabetes?
What happens if you don't take your insulin?
What happens if you dispose a diabetic lancet in the trash by mistake ?
Metformin?
Male 42 yo.Blood results. Normal except Low Vit D and elevated glucose level. Ate frosted doughnut hour before the test. great shape. Worry?
What is the fastest way to make yourself get type 1 diabetes?
How can you make yourself full during a meal without going for seconds?
What is reverse diabetes?
If you have diabetes can you still become a doctor or lawyer?
My mother is in unbearable pain from Peripheral Neuropathy. Doctors are not helping. Any suggestions? Please help :(?
Issues after heavy drinking?
My 66 year old father has type II diabetes. He also has an open sore on his foot.....?
Is 73 considered low blood sugar?
Why is it if I don t eat within the first hour of being awake I get really sick, even throw up, my family does have a history of diabetes?
How bad is my mum diabetes stage?
Where can I get metformin without a prescription?
What are the diabetic adverse effects on body.?
Do I have type 1 diabetes?
I have all the symptoms of diabetes except for one!!??!?
I have been diagnosed with Diabetes, recomennd a healthyblifestyle?
Upper stomach pain with bloating; usually worse by evening; inability to have bowel movement; diabetic?
Do i have type 1 diabetes?
How fast can pre diabetes form into type 2 diabetes?
My blood sugar is 547? im 13?
I'm scared to eat?
Is is possible for a person to be not fully aware of being dehydrated? Such as not feeling thirsty or seeing spots?
Question for diabetics...?
Can diabetic have body massage?
Can 29 year old female get a brain auersysm or is that for old people like 70? What's my risk?
My blood sugar is 92,is this good or bad?
My doctor says i have diabetes but my suger is betwwen 90 to 110 everyday with it being more to the 90's im 62 years old?
Can too much sugar cause diabetes?
My blood sugar is 18. Is this normal? I'm 14?
Can you get diabetes if no one in your family has it?
I have been on metformin now for a month most days i have fuzzy eyes is this a side effect?
Do i go to my doctor about my blood sugar?
Ensure safe for diabetics?
Will I get diabetes?
Fairly healthy but could I have type 2 diabetes?
IN BLOOD TEST, WHY CAN'T USE THE SAME LANCET?
What is the weird spice i have heard about which destroys diabetes or reduce the blood sugar ?
Recently diagnosed as glucose intolerance? Is this diabetes?
Does diabetes causes leg pain and stiffness?
Monogenic diabetes . ?
Is yoga good for fighting diabetes?
I m 14. Do I have diabetes? I just had a cramp for like 30 minutes in my calf. I do have sugar everyday. Sometime a lot. But not concearning?
WHY does controlling blood sugar help your neuropathy pain?
Will A Consistently Low Blood Sugar Get Me Out Of P.E.?
I'm not sure but I think I may have type 1 diabetes. I'm showing symptoms and am very worried. Is there anyway of testing for it yourself?
Why do people get mad when i tell them type 2 diabetes is a self-inflicted condition?
My fasting blood glucose is 102. I'm female 31 years old. I understand that this is PREdiabetic but have no idea what does that mean?
Do i have diabetes?
Why can't diabetic people eat sugar but need insulin?
I think I might have diabetes?
Is diabetes considered a dangerous disease?
Can urine strip test detect diabetes?
If I eat a person who has diabetes, will I get diabetes?
I just got diagnosed with type one diabetes I'm 15 years old and a girl any advice would be appreciated please?
Why is my fasting glucose meter reading often higher than my before meal readings?
Am I allowed to take my diabetes monitor on a plane with me?
OK to drink Coffee B4 a Glucose exam?
How can i get diabetes fast?
What is the best test to catch diabetes TYPE 1 early?
Im a type 1 diabetic. can i get a sex change?
Blood sugar too high?
Do you consider diabetes dangerous?
DO I HAVE DIABETIES?
Can the urge to Pee be a symptom of Diabetes?
What is a normal blood sugar for someone who has type 2?
Do I have type one diabetes (I'm not over weight and no family history of diabetes I'm 13)?
Is your diabetes bad when you feel tired, dizzy, and sleepy?
My grandmother age 75 approx. is in general ward in hospital and her BP is 150/100 so shall we take discharge or keep her hosptalised.thnx?
Why did my doctor press on my stomach and then conclude that I need a blood test for diabetes?
Does low blood sugar mean you have diabetes?
How can I manage Type 2 diabetes?
About how many grams of sugar should I eat per day to get type II diabetes?
Potential diabetes question...?
I am a Type 2 Diabetic my fasting number is 156 so what sides can I make with Chicken Parmesan?
Should I get retested for diabetes?
Can insulin cause death?
Is only life style responsible for Diabetes? Are there other diseases affected by life style?
Changing levels of blood sugar?
Do i have diabetes?
Blood sugar readings of a non fasting person?
Can a 14 year old have type 2 diabetes?
A food question?
Is wheat bran ok for diabetics?
Diabetic woman and hormonal imbalances?
My husband is alcoholic with cirrhosis, diabetes. This is destroying our marriage and affecting our kids. I don't know what to do anymore.?
Do aspirin help check hyperglycemia?
I'm scared I have Type 1 Diabetes?
Do I have type 1 diabetes?
There's a piece of diabetes stuck in my throat?
What is the cause of diabetes?
Doses taking an aspirin help diabetes?
Can u experience symptoms at these blood sugar levels?
What causes diabetes?
Blood tests for diabetes type 1 came back how are my numbers?
Can you get diabetes from eating too much sugar?
How to donate kidney for money?
I was diagnosed with diabetes insipidus after a pituitary adenoma. will it ever go away?
How to lower blood sugar levels for a non-diabetic person?
Can I eat cake and Ice cream with type 1 diabetes?
Did I pass out or have a seizure?
Is low blood sugae always caused by diabetes or could it be caused by something else?
Can I get diabetes from menstrual blood?
Blood sugar 81 an hour after waking up is that low?
Diabetes type 2 help!?
Can a person with diabetes type 1 be vegan?
Help im at risk for diabetes!!?
Can I sell diabetic test strips back to CVS that I got through insurance for full price. Or where should I sell them?
I ate but my sugar level is 143?
I have a Precision Xtra Glucose meter and don t have insurance. Is there a cheaper brand test strip that will work with this meter?
Do blood bank take money to give blood ?
How to tell if you diabetes if you already have blurry vision?
Does expired glucose strip work?
Does anyone know what these symptoms might be for? be a great help if anyone could help me x?
Are you an "organ-donor?" (if not-why?)?
Is 77 a low blood sugar two hours after a meal?
Are these signs of type 1 diabetes?
Who has diabetes?
Diabetes Care?
How can I purposely make my blood sugar drop?
Is this bad?
Untreated type 1 diabetes?
Help please!!! Am I diabetic? Does anyone know what this could be?
How does diabetes affect cellular respiration?
How Do I Tell My Parents I'm Very ill?
How do I lower my blood sugar levels?
What are the consequences of having high protein?
Can eating too many fruits cause diabetes?
Pre-Diabetic, Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes?
MY BROTHER IS IN SERUM CREATININE LEVEL 1.9-2.1 SO PLEASE GIVE A SUGGESTION TO HOW TO CURE THIS PROBLEM.?
I am 56. What should be my Blood pressure , Blood Sugar , Uric Acid & Cholestrol lvels ?
Can a person with type 2 diabetes get angry easily if their blood suger goes up to high?
One positive diabetes test diag. One normal diabetes test the next time?
Will I get diabetes?
Can acid reflux really cause puemonia? I'm am very very scared and worried?
Could you say that type 1 diabetes is technically aids cos its like your immune system going to ****?
What happens if you eat before a blood sugar test?
What are the most popular meals for those that have a diabetes diagnosis?
What is Hyperglycemia?
How many donuts would I have to eat at once to make myself diabetic? I need needles for heroin.?
I may have taken my lantus twice tonighf?
My sugar blood level is to high?
I have type 1 diabetes and have poor circulation in my feet and legs and I need knee replacement surgery.?
Is life with diabetes hard?
Does sugar free pop have sugar in it ?
I'm really confused with my blood sugar level.?
Why cant you have regular soda on diabetes?
Does poor circulation inhibit healing?
Is it dangerous for me being a diabetic drinking 2 liter cokes?
Glucosamine?
Can alcohol cause blood sugar spikes in diabetic?
Does it sound like i have type 2 diabetes?
Is blood sugar level of 40 considered low?
Can glandular fever (mono) cause a person to develop type 1 diabetes later on in their life?
Does pre diabetes causes hair to fall out?
Why symptoms can happen after I accidentally skip a dose of metformin 500 mg for 12 hours?
Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes?
Does your body need time to recover after a blood sugar drop?
My blood glucose level is 78 after eating a hefty meal after 2 hours. I haven t been diagnosed with diabetes.?
Do you go to see an ophthalmologist once a year, if you are a diabetic?
Diabetic meter what to buy?
Is there really a cure for diabetes and kidney failure?
Having symptoms of diabetes but my tests were negative??
Can a person who has reversed type 2 diabetes has still high risk of getting Diabetes again?
Fasting blood sugar 100 but normal OGTT and a1c?
I am a diabetic with good control I have been waking up feeling drunk several times lately my b/p and sugar are normal during this time?
Can a person who has reversed type 2 diabetes has still risk of getting Diabetes again?
Mate 33 yrs has been diabetic type 1 insulin for 10 years. he dont measure his blood sugar, eats crap and drinks booze. he wont get any prob?
Suggestions for fat people to not catch diabetes?
My blood sugar is 86 two and a half hours after eating is this normal ? I'm pre-diabetic and trying to eat better and also workout.?
Tested Poz yesterday for diabetes, next dr appt 4 months, no instructions, what to do?
All the symptoms of diabetes but negative tests?
Negative diabetes tests but still have symptoms?
Diabetes and prediabetes?
Do all blood tests check blood sugar?
Could this be early signs of Diabetes? I can't stop peeing!?
Is 5.2 mmol/L a bad fasting blood glucose result (results of my diabetes test but the nurse didn't explain)?
Cure for diabetes?
What medicine can help my mom lower her blood sugar?
Does it sound like i have type 2 diabetes?
I want to buy a blood sugar meter?
Need to get a prescription for metformin diabetic medicine without insurance for a friend visiting for 2 months. what is the cheapest way ?
Wanting a diabetic friend to test my blood sugar? Should I buy my own tester? And how to tell parents if they come back high?
I just ate dinner like 40 minutes ago and wasn't feeling very well my glucose is 98mg is this normal or too low ?
What is wrong with me? Possible type 1 diabetes?
I stpped takin my metformin, i hve ok bgs , i tke insulin & it controls it . A1c is 8.7 or 9 can i have complications if it remains the same?
Does it sound like i have type 2 diabetes?
I get hungry after I eat sugar. My Dr said that is a symptom of pre diabetes. Diabetes runs in my family. I figured?
I need to get a prescription for a diabetic medicine for my mother with no insurance.?
DIABETICS ONLY. Whats the lowest blood glucose level you've had?.?
17 years old with a fasting glucose level of 97?
Is it okay for a type 1 diabetic to drink small sips of sugary beverages throughout the day without insulin?
I am 19 year old my sugar level is 106 please tell me is that normal?
Do all diabetics have problems with sex?
My feet (toes) numb sometimes, I`m pre-diabetic ,I have had my feet checked by a diabetic nurse and been told my feet are ok.?
Why is my blood sugar so high? Last night b4 bed hours after eating my BS was at 90 but this morning again before eating it was up to 105?
My son is diabetic, what can schools do to help?
Does high sugar levels automatically mean diabetes?
What happens when good blood mixes with bad blood? Do you get not so bad blood, or not so good blood?
My blood sugar is 147 is that bad?
Subtle, barely noticeable tingling in feet?
Diabetic suddenly vomit?
How to change tha battery of my onetouch horizon glucometer?
Is blood type O rare? (1+ in European.)?
Can diabetic patients entirely rely on Proteins & Fats diet?
Do you think this sounds like diabetes?
How do you get diagnosed for diabetes when symptoms often go unnoticed?
Recurring thrush but tested negative for diabetes and don't have HIV?
Is having blood glucose level of 99 bad since its almost diabetic??!?
Do I have diabetes?
What are signs you have diabetes?
According to the American Diabetes Association, genes alone are not enough to give someone diabetes. Why do people choose to have it?
Low blood sugar?
My urine has been smelling really sweet?
Does eating lot of junk food causes diabetes.?
Scared of getting diabetes?
Im donet my kidney?
When admitted to hospital for alcoholism, why do the nurses check your blood sugar levels?
Is grapes good for diabetic patient?
Hi type 2 diabetic and im out of my meds what can I use to keep my sugar low till I get my meds? I have some lantus left could I use that?
Can you catch type 1 diabetes symptoms too early so that they don't come up on tests?
Diabetes symptoms but negative test results??
Is O+ the most common, powerful, strongest or best blood type there is?
Is eating low carb the only way to keep your insulin levels steady?
Can Diabetes Kill You?
Do all glucose test strips work with all meters?
What organs do diabetes affect?
How do I lower my blood sugar levels?
Why does my blood sugar crash hit me so hard?
What is a gall bladder and the purpose of it?
What makes a person hypoglycemic but not diabetic?
If you aren't using the restroom frequently is there still a chance you have diabetes?
I am recently diagnosed with diabetes type 1. Can someone give me a knowledge base of what to eat or not?
Fasting Blood Sugar of 7.3 mmol/L. What should I do? Am I hopeless?
What disease does this sound like?
True or false: people are type two diabetics by choice?
Can lack of exercise cause diabetes by itself?
Do I have type 2 diabetes?
Diabetic like symptoms?
Have I reversed my diabetes?
My diabetic husband, after experiencing blurry vision all day is now suddenly color blind, keeps calling red green and blue tan.?
If I've eaten food, but when Is my blood sugar considered too high?
My sugar levels are high in the morning as high as 200 317 I am on insulin only was on metformin but am not now why is it so high?
Getting worried about my overactive bladder, urologist said I may need surgery, what to do?
Do I have diabetes?
Blood sugar 87 two hours after eating but I feel like I'm going to pass out ? Endocrinologist can't figure out what's going on.?
I got my results from my Hemoglobin A1c today. It said that my average glucose level was 122. It also said that my A1c was 5.6.?
Scared my boyfriend is going to die!! Diabetes & High Blood Sugar?
Extremely dizzy for 3 days, but haven't passed out?
What is the scale of a diabetic?
Affordable blood glucose meter?
My partner won't take his diabetes seriously?
Do I have diabetes? IM 13!!?
Do I have diabetes?
Type 1 Diabetics,
I have been on injections for 8 years and I have been looking into a pump. I hear the Omnipod is the best, is it?
I have never been diagnosed as a Diabetic, but last night I tested my Blood sugar and it was 196....It was 127 when I awoke this morning.?
Could this be diabetes?
Can you get diabetes from eating 150 grams of sugar from fruit everyday?
What happens when a non diabetic takes 100 u/ml of insulin?
I am a type 2 diabetes I just took my blood sugar and I haven t eat anything since yesterday it shows 149 is that a bad number?
Can high cholesterole be a cause of diabetes?
What are you thinkiing about 4life medicine for diabetes?
Diabetes In A Teen?
Can I eat cookies???? PREDIABETES question.?
I recently had a toe turn a purplish color, much like a bruise,but not painful.i have diabetes..should i be concerned?
What is diabetes.?
If your mother or brother says you are diabetic, is it true or do you need more evidence?
Diabetic and alkaline level too high?
What are some types of diabetes? can you die from diabetes? if not, can it play a role in someone's cause of death?
What to do To prevent diabetes?
Does being hypoglycemic do this to you?
Can I choose how to put insulin?
Can Marshmallow increase sugar level?
What is a good way to soothe an irritated swollen throat in a patient with diabetes and high blood pressure?
Do I have diabetes.?
What do I need to know about being diabetic?
What does it mean if you can't process foods or drinks with MSG or a high sugar content anymore?
I think I might be getting diabetes?
We just started treating our weimeraner that is 8 years old (Human Years) for Diabetes, and before we started the insulin she could see .?
How do I know whether I have blood sugar?
As a person with diabetes, what symptoms do you get when your blood sugar levels go too low or too high?
If my grandparents, but not my parents, have diabetes type 2 what are the chances I will get it?
Does your blood test show your blood type?
I've been diagnosed with gestational diabetes. I hate being told what I can and can not eat....?
Are people getting diabetes from eating tacos?
Is insulin production triggered by sweeteners containing no sugar (eg. stevia) bad for you?
How Likely Is It For A Teen To Develop Type 2 Diabetes?
How long does type 1 diabetes take to develop?
What happens when you reverse diabetes ? Does the body act like a normal persons body?
Is shakiness a isgn of low blood sugar?
Do you have diabetes? If no please answer , if yes also answer please. I am doing a survey for school?
My humoglubain ac1 5.8 in Iam always sick tierd plz gave me advice I am diebetic or non?
Do i have diabetes???? PLEASE ANSWER!!!!!!!?
Do i have diabetes?
White sugar vs brown sugar?
I was diagnosed with type 2...have a few months to lose weight get under control to avoid meds...is a vegetarian diet preferable?
Is honey considered a sugar for diabetics?
What does type 2 diabetes feel like?
I m going through the change sweating alot drinking more and peeing more, is this normal? Had a diabetes blood result yesterday was normal.?
Can I donate a kidney and my pancreas to my sister? I'm under 18?
Should my father start taking insulin?
Is 90 mg/dl a normal blood sugar level?
Could I have diabetes?
Is jogging good for high blood presure patients?
What is your "go to" snack or food that you carry in case of a low blood sugar incident?
What should I do to stay healthy without affecting my urge for fried foods?
Do I have low blood sugar?
What kind of diet can a person that is a diabetic with diverticulitis eat ?
Which fruits are bad for diabetics?
Do I have pre diabetes,insulin resistance or low insulin?
How did you find out you, or your child was diabetic? Signs and symptoms? Possible Diabetic Child.?
Do I have Diabetes?
How can (if possible)I lower my fasting blood sugar levels?
How long does diabetes take to form ?
Type 1 diabetes?
My glucose 1 hour after eating was 83 and I felt like I was low ?
I founded a nonprofit with the mission to encourage everybody to know their diabetes status. What's a good reward for upholding the mission?
Can diabetes cause brain hemorhage?
Diabetes? or not?
I've always suspected myself of having diabetes for a couple years now and what should I do?
Diabetes or stress?
Can a man who has diabetes have kids?
Which diabetes is more dangerous? Type 1 or type 2?
Do You Really Think BGR-34 is best ayurvedic treatment for Diabetes Mellitus?
Does diabetes actually "skip generations"?
My doctor told me to not eat more than 20 grams of sugar daily. Does this include natural sugars?
Hi im 16 years old and for the past 5 years i have been blacking out but latley it started getting more frequently and more powerfull?
Can homeopathic treatment cure Burning Feet Problem caused by diabeties?
My grandma is diabetic and she normally gets these boils on only her toes. Once they pop and heal, another one comes. How to stop for good?
Type 2 Diabetes: How Is It Treated?
I am a 25 year old black male with diabetes if my diabetes is uncontroled can it cause me to be sterile?
Diabetic sees black things flying when hungry? What do?
Im type 2 diabetic I keep going to the toilet every moring and keep felling ill why?
Are there any doctors who have the courage to tell their patients that type 2 diabetes is SELF IMPOSED?
I need a slogan for a Tshirt for our upcoming diabetes awareness walk ... It has to include diabetes and vision as we are an optometrists?
Does your diabetes cause any sexual problems?
Taking insulin?
Diabetes question?
A prognosis for Diabetes type 2?
Is chalestrol leads to sugar????????????
How do I get hospitals and doctors offices to check blood sugar levels on every visit?
Can you get diabetes from sharing needles?
Is my case grounds for a lawsuit?
How likely is diabetes for me?
I want to sell my kidney?
Another question about blood sugar numbers?
At what point should you go get checked for diabetes? What should I look for before getting checked for it?
Type 1 diabetes Detail ... and its treatment?
I was supposed to fast from midnight last night to get my blood glucose checked and accidentally ate a piece of cheese. Will my test be ok?
If my blood sugar is 7 what does it means?
Do I have Diabetes?
Will drinking two liters of mountain dew in a day give me diabetes?
Diabetic - Question?
Could someone recommend a good pre-diabetic food list ?
Is excessive thirst always a sign of diabetes?
Can classic Heinz baked beans in tomato sauce cause diabetes?
Would you date a girl with Type 1 Diabetes?
Where do I sell unused insulin pen needles?
Non diabetic? Are these numbers ok?
If I stopped taking insulin for a week would I die?
I have type2 diabetes,i have got diarrhoea dont know what to eat i take inselin?
I m type 2 diabetic. What nutrition drink can I buy to gain weight?
Do I have diabetes and carpal tunnel?
Fasting Blood Sugar test -- how long does one really have to fast?
Hi guys. Can diabetes 1 be completely reversed?
Can get diabetes if you have had typhoid fever when you were young?
What's the likeliness that I have diabetes or pre-diabetes?
Can you have high blood sugar when you are not diabetic?
What is the effect of diuretics in blood glucose for diabetics?
Please help me! I'm 15 years old with blood sugar level being 101, can anyone explain this better and help me?
Glucose of 107???
Do I have diabetes? Im scared!?
I am confused with my diabetes result ?
When is your A1C level dangerous?
I accidentally pricked myself with a diabetes needle. Could I get an infection?
Blood and urine sample?
Do refined grains cause diabetes?
Is there a chance I have diabetes?
Is diabetes an STD?
107 glucose? Diabetic?
I accidentally stuck myself with a diabetes needle Could I get an infection? It wasn't deep. It stuck the side of my foot lightly?
Can type 2 diabetes be misdiagnosed?
I made a random blood sugar test for my four years old daughter and it was 192?i want to know if she is diabetic or prediabetic?
Is this normal?
I went with a friend to go donote blood twice now and I can't pass my blood pressure testing. I take 100mg of lopresser before but no pass?
What is the treatment for diabetes?
Blood sugar show 93 four hours after eating. Is that number okay for a non-diabetic person?
Diabetes suggestion needed?
What does this mean in a blood test?
My legs start shaking then my whole body starts shaking. I am a diabetic why is this happening so frequintly /?
My father has Type 2 diabetes and he is opting for insulin shots. Is it the best way to control diabetes?
I lost about 20 glipizide pills somewhere between 3 and 5 years ago. I just found them. My question is, are they still good?
I heard you can get diabetes from drinking soda alot. Is that true?
My fasting blood sugar level is 103 (11.5 hrs fasting), PP 121 (2 hrs after eating) and HbA1c 6.1. What should I do to improve?
Type 1 Diabetes, Hypothyroidism, and Weight loss?
I'm prediabetic. Anyone have any healthy snack ideas? I can't find good ones on Pinterest. Thank you.?
How Many units of insulin do i need to take if my blood sugar is 200 and up - i have type 2 diabetis?
Can someone with diabetes help me?
After fasting my glucose level was 108?
T1 Diabetic Appointment Urine Test, would they find THC in it?
Can i store insulin in room temperatures around 40 celsius usually?
What causes type one diabetes?
What will happen if i stopped taking insulin for a day or two?
Do I have symptoms of diabetes?
I don't have all the symptoms of diabetes but I drink a lot of water and pee a lot. Am I sick?
Will drinking 2-4 sodas a day give you diabetes?
If my friend with diabetes licks a lollipop then I lick that same lollipop. Will I get diabetes?
Can someone with diabetes or high blood pressure help me?
Is leg muscle spasms related to diabetes?
Is this blood sugar high?
Can i smoke before a non fasting blood test?
Can stress cause Diabetes?
CAN TYPE 1 DIABETIES BE CAUSED
BY A VIRUS?
How long will it take for my blood sugar levels to lower?
Important Diabetes question?
Tingling in feet? Diabetes?
Is it safe to marry diabetic woman?
What would happen if your IV was filled with Dr. Pepper or soda instead of glucose?
Will drinking soda everyday give you diabetes?
Guys, would you have sex with a girl with diabetes?
Does lemon juice lower blood sugar?
I have type 2 Diabetes?
Can teenagers test their blood sugar in a classroom if they DO NOT have diabetes?
Is it terribly damaging to drink a can of Coke everyday with a borderline Type 2 Diabetes?
What is the best way to delet a computer virus?
My blood sugar runs around 154 each morning when I get up. Do you think my doctor will soon be giving me pills for that condition?
Can 2 different people use the same diabetic testing meter?
Does metformin increase blood sugar levels?
Do my blood sugars need to be checked while taking metformin?
What is a good source of electrolytes for a diabetic?
Hoes Does Diabetes Impact Kidneys?
Can diet alone cure Type 2 Diabetes?
I think I might have diabetes?
Can having low blood sugar cause a migraine?
Diabetes and Soda?
Fasting Blood sugar was 129 when I woke up. Weight is 220. What do I need to do to get healthy?
Is an A1C level of 7.5 considered "uncontrolled diabetes"?
My dad had diabetic problems for years?
Pre-diabetes vs Diabetes?
How do I lower my blood sugar? any nature ways?
Can high blood pressure be cured?
Is diet coke or diet dr pepper bad for type 2 diabetic thanks?
Pre-diabetes vs Diabetes?
I have pre diabeties and a 5.7 blood sugar is it ok for me to eat bacon?
What sugar substitute is best to use to replace regular sugar. Spouse recent diagnosis of diabetes.?
Will I die if I mix sugar and sweeteners?
Help with blood sugar chart??
Diabetes help?
Diabetes help?
What should I avoid cooking for my type 1 diabetic boyfriend?
Type 2 diabetes symptoms?
Do I need to go to the doctors?
Hi my blood sugar is 99 and i urinate more with that level?
Is it rude to eat sweets around a diabetic?
Ive been diagnosed with pre diabeties with a 5.7 sugar lvl. Is it really that hard to get it down?
Is diabetes down syndrome?
What is a flesh eating bacteria that is caused by diabetes?
Im a diabetic is sugar of 248 high?
Causes of diabetes?
What is type 1 diabetes?
Pre-diabetes or Diabetes?
What are the solution forType 2 Diabetes Solution?
Is insulin toxic when inhaled?
Why can't I just be normal?
Is this normal after a diabetes diagnosis?
How does sex life affect with type 1 diabetes?
I keep sweating because of low blood sugar and i just checked it and it's 83 help me! is there any yummy treats to bring sugar back up?
Pregnancy diabetes testing ?
Should I take my 18 year old to the doctor? she is going through a rebellious stage to where she doesn't even take care of her diabetes?
Do I have diabetes?
Anxiety or diabetes?
Which cooking oil to choose for a diabetic person?
At what point do you think diabetic complications will start to hit me?
Pre diabetes? Symptoms of hypoglycemia also with low meter readings even after eating.?
HAS THE FDA approved stem cell treatment for diabetic neuropathy?
Pre-diabetes?
Pre-diabetes and Diabetes?
Why there is glucose in the urine of Diabetes mellitys urine?
Safoof-e-Bahar Natural treatment of diabetes?
Pricked finger on used diabetic test needle!?
How does maltodextrin affect Type 1 Diabetics?
Can low blood sugar cause a weigh gain?
How to tell your blood type?
Stroke Survivor + Diabetic Meal Ideas?
CAN A NON DIABETIC PATIENT TAKE THE MEDICINE DIAVIT PLUS?
Why would a Dr insist on diabetes meds with an A1C of 5.7?
Why is exercise important for people with diabetes?
If i have high blood sugar what is the best bread to eat WHITE, PUMPERNICKEL OR RYE AND WHY?
Should I take my diabetic pill when my blood sugar is low?
Is diabetes a disease?
What is the best diabetic diet?
Type 1 and 2 diabetes? What are the difference?
What does a reversible mean in the sentence "Diabetes is a reversible disease"?
What question might you ask before you respond to her question?
Could Chromium deficiency cause type 2 diabetes?
What should be care taking for diabetic patients?
Insulin pump accessories or ideas?
Is 150 blood sugar about 30 minutes after eating bad?
Is there instant diabetes tests?
Diebetes type 1 eye sight question?
Survey on diabetes?
I am 69 my Dr. said I have diabetes . My test was 6.6 . I test my blood everyday and it has been: 79 - 109. Do I really have diabetes?
What does the liver do in response to insulin and what affect does this have blood glucose levels?
Does Everyone Have Diabetes?
Is a Blood sugar reading of 514 for and adult male reason to go to the E.R.?
I have had type 1 diabetes for a year now and wonder how long it is before I get complications?
Ora sex using hand with diabetes?
How often does type-2 diabetes turn into type-1?
Can type one diabetes be passed down?
Type 1 Diabetes?
If untreated, can diabetes type 2 develop into diabetes type 1...?
I think i have diabetes....?
I was recently told i have a narrowed blood vessel in my head...should i worry?
Uncontrolled Type 1 diabetic pregnant 15?
Can I eat tomatoes with type 2 diabetes?
Does high affect blood sugar?
What so special about my blood type?
I was wondering if too much metformin can cause my problems?
What are the best natural treatments for diabetes?
Can I get a free blood sugar test kit if I'm pre-diabetic?
What is the ideal protime level with coumadin?
How should I exercise if I have type II Diabetes?
Type 1 diabetic going for a 6am jog?
WHETHER RED WINE ALLOWED TO A TYPE2 DIABETIC MODERATIVELY?
Ankle swelling ?
My son poked his leg on an insulin needle in someone's garbage...he was told the person has hepatitis c...what should he do?
My blood sugar was 70 yet I had eaten?
IS REDWINE ALLOWED TO TYPE2 DIABETIC PATIENTS MODERATELY?
I was diagnosed with pre diabetes a few year ago how can I avoid diabetes?
When you have a diabetes, you have to eat sugar when your blood sugar is low(under 4.0 mml/l)..does eating sugar in that case gains weight?
My husband is heavily addicted to alcohol and has, cirrhosis, diabetes 2, high blood pressure, portal hypertension. I don t know what to do.?
How will Diabetes change the way I live?
What was your fasting blood sugar this morning?Mine was 133.?
Why do I have low blood sugar but am not diabetic?
Is 123 high for fasting blood sugar?
Question about blood sugar level in non diabetic person?
I have prediabetes what foods can I eat and not eat?
Why can you not donate a kidney when your overweight but have no diabetes?
Cure for diabetes?
Can drinking chilled water cause diabetes?
How long does it take for Diabetes to get really bad and even Life threatening?
Hi, I just received a Fire 7" tablet as a giift, there are no instructions on how to use it. What do I do now?
Are all type 1 diabetic Americans required to have some kind of doctor?
I have been feeling bloated, nauseated, loss of appetite and some indigestion from my metformin. Is this normal?
Symptom of diabitic type-2?
Do you think it's right that I want to die because I am a type 1 diabetic and even though I try to manage it I will become very ill one day?
Blood sugar question?
I am hoping that people take time to read and answer. My husband is 36 yrs. old. And needs advice.?
Question about blood sugar numbers in a non diabetic person?
I forgot to put my insulin in the fridge for less than a week but its covered with cloth and stored in a bag is it still okay to use?
Is there a pre for type 1 diabetes?
How is diabetes treated or managed?
Im not for a consult with a doctor. Its because Ive got a question, do blood transfusions cure type two diabetes, or blood clots, really?
Is it possible to have Type 1 diabetes without frequent nighttime urination?
Anxiety attack after eating sugar?
Can you get ketones but not have high blood sugar?
Does vacuum treatment help with erection in diabetic men?
Blood sugar question?
Is it true that Diabetes cannot be cure by conventional Drugs?
As the number of glucose carriers increased, the concentration of glucose in the _______.?
Does raw honey or fresh whole fruits cause Diabetes?
Can you reuse syringes for checking blood sugar?
What happens if somebody takes 10 tablets of 500mg per tablets at once only?
If a lady was pregnant and she had diabetes can the baby get diabetes as well?
Need menu for diabetic low potassium?
What is the density of blood for a diabetic patient?
I don't understand Blood glycemia reading?
Is blood sugar in 40s very dangeros?
How do I tell the difference between caffeine with draw and low blood sugar?
What can the big brother do if his little brother got diagnosed with diabetes?
Similarities and differences between proliferative and non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy?
Can I still take Metformin if I have what appears to be strep?
Could I have (Type 1) diabetes?
Can naproxen 500 mg can raise sugar in the blood?
Can Pharmacys like CVS/WALMART give screening for Type 2 diabetes?
I wasn't looking I'm so scared.. I let a friend test my blood sugar and I just wasn't thinking. I'm afraid be reused the needle?
Where in texarkana is diabetic programs clinics held?
Why is my sugar low?
What is that called where the doctor checks you for everything from head to toe?
Why does my blood sugar change so much?
What percentage To have diabetes?
How does illness and associated symptoms affect Mrs. Gregg's relearning of speech and mobility?
Whats more accurate for diabetes a1c or fasting glucose?
Is there any way Diabetes could be cured permanently? Please help...?
What is pre-diabetes?
How to cure Diabetes Naturally?
I need help, Im nervous that I may have diabetes but I'm not sure if I'm overreacting or if its b/c of a bad drinking day. Please help.?
The Best Natural cure for Diabetes?
Im concerned, is this something serious like diabetes or is it a result from possible alcohol poisoning?
Can a fasting glucose rule out type 2 diabetes?
I want to know te effects that drinking a cola has on my blood sugar levels?
Is there hypocalcemia in diabetes mellitus?
Is insulin resistance and prediabetes the same?
What do you eat more? Salt or sugar?
Low blood sugar?
What are the symptoms of really bad dehydration?
I am a 57 yrs old diabetic male.Question about Metoformin,thyroid,rbc & low hemoglobin?
If you have diabetes, do you blood sugar numbers go up after a stressful day?
If chocolate and sugary food makes you sick and nauseous, is this a sign for diabetes?
Electric shavers?
Is fasting for a longer period of time causes a higher result of blood sugar test for diabetic patients?
Hypoglycemia?
Dark yellow urine?
Trying to lower my A1C by diet?
How to qualify for medicare partb insulin coverage when medicare already pays for pump supplies under part b?
Is 305 blood sugar dangerous?
Is it okay to sell old Diabetes lancets?
I take 2000mg of metformin a day and 5mg forxiga but my sugar level is still 6.4 and what can i do to reduce it further?
Fast heart beat after eating?
Will eating cookie dough give you diabetes?
Do diabetics suffer with hair thinning?
Whats the medication of type 2 diebates?
My Blood Sugar Level is 114?
Can an Oral Glucose Tolerance Test be used to diagnose Type 1 Diabetes?
Type 1 Diabetes--- high blood sugar?
My Blood Sugar Level is 96?
Do I have diabetes already?
Is 3.7 a normal blood sugar level?
Would a pear put blood sugars up? I'm getting some crazy readings.?
I want to get diabetes because Wilfred Brimley has it and he's pretty cool. How shall I proceed?
GAVE HUMULIN @730 WHEN IS THE PERSON HIGH RISK FOR HYPOGLYCEMIC REACTION?
I'm scared I have diabetes?
Y am i dissy with my blood sugar at 88mg?
Would pumping out stomach save someone who took 40 50MG xanax, 40 325 mg hydrocodone and 40 2MG glimepiride and 300 units lantus?
Is blood presure 53/137 is high blood presure?
Hi i need to talk to person who we can have assign no. at the aisle and near the wash room. because i am diabetic? thanks?
How to get ungrounded from your parents?
I need advice with over eating?
Cause of type 2 diabetes mellitus?
How long can a person with type two diabetes go for without insulin?
I heard that beer is ok to consume with diabetes?
I fasted for 9hrs and blood sugar level is 83 am I diabetic?
What is your blood type?
Can a gnome be Diabetic or have Asthma?
Do you know what the vibrating tool is called used to check diabetes feet?
I am a diabetic and I have swollen feet legs and ankles?
I had a a1c of 6.9 the dr put me on Metformin 500 mg how does 1 test make me a diabetic?
I want to sell my kidney in a uargent need of money age 23M blood group o+ve?
What to sell my kidney 23 M blood group o+ve. Ready to donate but need money .?
I was diagnosed with T1 Diabetes last December but still having symptoms?
Low blood sugar?
Just been diagnosed with diabetes. Should I go organic or sugar free?
My blood pressure is 174/104 I m going to see doc and I ma start going to planet fitness again......is it ok to take my moms lisinopril?
Do you have to be overweight to get type two diabetes?
Mom has diabites and I want to know what groceries to buy?
I'm a type 1 Diabetic and my pancreas started working again. What the hell do i do?
Is there anyway to fight I'm type 2 diabetes naturally with out medicine?
Beforebfjfkfkennrnrnrnrnbfjf?
Does diabetes attack the heart?
Blood pressure is 125/50 and my blood insulin is 222. do I need to go to the er?
Do endocrinologist's only specialize in one type of diabetes?
What / if are The symptoms of all-three forms of Diabetes?
Should I go see my doctor about diabetes?
Can eating healthy foods cure type 1 diabetes?
Whats' the difference between pre diabetes and diabetes?
Best exercise for diabetes ??
Do i diabetes?
Can diabetes show up in a regular blood tests I take bipolar pills and they draw my blood because of my pills will it show up?
Can I get diabetes this way?
Diabetic neuropathy without knowing if you have DM or not? Possible DM? Help is appreciated.?
On a a1c blood test is 7.7 to high ? what should be the normal reading or the best reading?
Can you get diabetes from eating a lot of candy or sweets?
Whats happens if a type 2 diabetic takes someone else's insulin that is 5x stronger by mistake?
Does sex feel good if you have diabetes for a female?
How does food poisoning relate to diabetes? Can it cause it?
Just got diagnosed with diabetes and given 3 months to bring my sugar down and loose weight, are beans good or bad for me?
On a diabetic are cheese curls allowed?
Do health insurance companies cover the cost of diabetic testing machines if you are not actually diagnosed as a diabetic?
Hello I have Diabetes, I m on Lantus injects, 40 units once a day and I take Metformin 1000 mg once a day, I ran out of my Metformin tablets?
Help me stop sugar craving?
12X22 Feet?
Do I have diabetes I'm starting to have boils which I never do and I'm starting to pee a lot like a river every few min?
Checked my blood sugar for the first time. 126, at 9am, but hadnt eaten all night. Should it be this high?
Hello! My mom has diabetes type 2! I wonder if there is any effective treatment (apart from insulin injections) or cure in US ?
When do people with type 2 progress to type 3 diabetes?
If I feel hungry it means it is diabetes. Should I take some medicine? How Diabasole capsules is?
I NEED A BLOOD SUGAR CHART TO GO BY I M 65 YRS OLD I TAKE A PILL TWO TIMES A DAY BY BG THIS MORNING BEFORE FOOD WAS 113?
Will I have to check my blood if I have pre diabetes?
What is a diabetic exchange list?
I am a newly diagonsed type 2 diabetic.I have a cheap blood glucose meter from Walmart(Relion) but looking for better one?
I have been feeling dizzy for the whole day and blurred vision too but no other symptoms what are these symptoms associated with?
Why does type 2 cause dry skin on feet?
Symptoms of having cysts?
I was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes many years ago now. At first it was 'diet controlled' but then I had to move on to tablet controlled.?
I have type two diabetes. I'm 78 yrs old.
I love sour cream more than any other dairy food. Is it safe?
Diabetes Question?
Im 16, I love coke, I eat healthy, but i also love to drink sugary drinks and love to eat some chips, is it likely for me to get diabetes?
What's the average blood sugar levels of a diabetic?
Hi,is having blurred vision when looking at computer screen common or a sign of diabetes?
If Diabetes is caused by being fat then why do most fat people not have it?
So I'm told I have Type 2 diabetes, and my blood sugar does rise (although not too high), but I never crash. What is that?
My chloesterol, liver, kidney, et came back perfectly normal. Is that a normal thing for the glucose to be high when the others are normal?
Why am I getting constantly dizzy and lightheaded?
What is the best meal to eat before fasting for a blood test for diabetes?
How does diabetes affect your day to day life compared to someone without?
I am 13 and weight 88 kg could I have diabetes?
Is 4.8 Blood Sugar Normal?
I crave sugar when im mad and depressed is this normal?
Is Japaneese food good for diabetic?
What are the symptoms of type 2 diabetes?
How much sugar can a diabetic eat and what happens if they have too much?
Uses of Sugar other than eating?
Does urinary incontinence happen generally with type 1 or 2 diabetes?
My blood test came back with my sugar level at 700
is this dangerous?
Is there any other illness that can mimic out of control A1C i just went to my doctor and they said it was 8.6 but my readings still are low?
I wake up shaky and irritated sometimes I feel faint?
Missing one insulin injection, what happens??
Why do I feel so light headed after eating sugar?
Bloods surgar 50 mg dl?
I'm 69 6 ft 260 with hbp diabetes 2 would Bariatric surgery be an answer?
Can you develop type 2 diabetes within 6 months?
Regarding diabetic?
Last two days my blood sugars have been between 12.6 and14.8 . Blurred vision and really tired . I'm type 2 Should I drink more or call nhs?
Do I have diabetes?
Always thirsty and tired but not diabetes?
Can I die from diabetes?
What is the difference between diabetes mellitus TYPE I and diabetes millitus TYPE II?
Im 14 and I fasted for 8 hours and my blood glucose level is 91, do I have to take another test 2 hours after eating? Or was that enough?
Will i get diabetes if I eat a donut?
Whats more dangerous? having a high glucose level or low level?
I exercise everyday for one hour but eat a lot of sugar.?
Do i need insulin if i exercise regurarly? (type 1 diabetic)?
Is it medically unusual to have a high A1c of 7.7 percent and obtain a random daily glucose meter reading averaging of around 140 mg/dl?
Who one the oscar 2016?
Should a healthy woman avoid marrying a Diabetic man , to give birth to healthy children ?
How do you heal from diabetes?
Trying to understand what this could mean?
Doctor told me I am pre diabetic?! What should I do?
Glucose and cells question, please help me out!!?
I pee excessive amounts. 1-4 times an hour maybe. I'm worried that I'm diabetic although my blood test shows otherwise.?
How does central diabetes insipidus affect other body systems?
What is the difference between diabetes mellitus TYPE I and diabetes millitus TYPE II?
If I am a diabetic can I eat fries from wendys?
Is this a symptom of diabetes?
Thhey say i has diabetes my hole life. y is tat? is it contagious ?
Difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes?
Do I need to go to the doctor?
Blood glucose monitoring system?
What are the human and animal toxicities for the drug Actos?
How to raise blood sugar WITHOUT food?
What are the signs of diabetis?
How many symptoms of diabetes is a serious chance of having it?
My blood sugar was 300 this morning without eating. It has dropped a little bit lower to the mid 200s.?
Help please it's my grandad?
How much can one gram of sugar raise my blood sugar?
Why are insulin injections not the course of treatment for all diabetics?
Do I have diabetes or pre-diabetes?
What is normal blood glucose level a few minutes after eating for a non-diabetic person?
Will a lack of sleep affect my blood test?
I am looking for website adultchatpal?
If I am a diabetic can I eat fruit loops?
Plan a two course meal for a person who is a diabetic.?
Can a 14 year old get diabetes?
Is it safe to take victoza jardiance and losartan all at the same time?
Can bad infected teeth cause ur pancreas to stop producing enzymes needed 2 digest food? I heard bad teeth can cause diabetes. Just wonderin?
Symptoms of diabetes?
Why is it possible to find glucose in urine, but not in a normal person?
I think I have diabetes?
My brothers blood sugar level is over 500, is he dying, can he be saved?
Is 291 a dangerous blood sugar level?
Can Type 1 diabetics survive for short periods of time without insulin by strictly controlling their diet?
My sugar check was 163 is that something to worry about?
Prediabetes and morning blood sugar levels.?
If I quit drinking soda will it help reverse type 2 diabetes? And will it help lower my A1C?
My friend thinks she knows more about by condition than I do?
If my glucose level is 273, do i have diabetes?
Is 97 a good blood sugar level?
Diabetes type 2 nose bleed cuses.?
Can Brown Rice raise blood sugar?
Blood test ?
Does insulin administration in the abdomen cause abdominal pain?
Urreegggg I think I have type 1 diabetes!!! Tell me ur opinion I m freaking out?
Can epsom salt bath lower blood sugar level in a type 2 diabetes?
Diabetes Suicide?
My mother recently got a blood sugar level of 280. What's going on?
Pigʻs blood in sugar?
Is Manganese, magnesium, and chromium (brewer's yeast) good to control diabetes?
Could i be dibetic glucose level 7.3 and 10.?
Can i order out chinese food once a week if im Pre diabetic?
What could be the cause behind low glucose and high potassium when found together?
What could cause low blood oxygen level/ratio?
How is age linked to diabetes?
I am Pre Diabetic is it possible i can still eat the food i love if i start being being active excercise and cutting out junk food and soda?
I woke up really thirsty but even after drink a lot of water I m still thirsty?
I think I might be a diabetic??
What are the symptoms of pre-diabetes?
Do I have diabetes or can I prevent it,I have not shown any symptoms,I am 14 year old teen I weigh 120 lbs and I think my sugar intakeishigh?
How many gliclazide should take per day when blood sugar level 14.8?
Can all of these dangerously high bad blood sugar readings be erased?
How can i get my little brother to stop drinking so much Pepsi and soda and eat healthy so he doesn't get diabetes?
2000 grams of sugar daily?
Sugar and Diabetes?
Does coffee has the same affect on the body as insulin? If so how? If not what are the differences?
Vitamin D deficiency.?
I have binge eating problems, am i on risk for diabetes type 2?
Should i take statins with type 2 diabetes?
How can I get my diabetic boyfriend to take his insulin?
Needles and Plane trip?
Diet chart for family member diabetic, high blood pressure and kidney efficiency low with creatanin around 4.5 to 5?
I'm 17 , I don't pee frequently, but when I pee it's in a large amount, is this diabetes ?
Are paramedics trained to look for ID wristbands?
Would a bacteria infection raise blood sugar?
What's it like in a daily life of having diabetes?
Am I diabetic?
I just found out that my babysitter has diabetes. Should I be concerned about my kids picking up bad habits while in her care?
Can a diabetic person eat honey?
Getting little tingles in foot and hand after eating?
How long can a diabetic go without insulin?
Diabetes destroyer scam or real?
My foot is swollen on top?
Whats the difference between Diabetes and?
Blood sugar 600mg/dl and not feeling well?
How much is too much on a product per serving for a person with diabetes?
I am cured of my 25 years diabetes, merely by changing my daily habit.?
What is the best oral diabetes remedy?
Do i have diabetes?
Why does refined sugar increases the risk of type 2 diabetes but natural sugars doesn't?
SEARCH PHRASE TO USE: herbal cure for diabetes?
Reverse diabetes naturally?
My boyfriend is diabetic and wants to have children too soon?
What are some disadvantages (cons) to having diabetes?
Diabetes destroyer download?
Cures for type 2 diabetes?
My diabetes solution?
What is a good simple meal for a diabetic person?
Can i reverse type 2 diabetes?
Does daonil drug for diabetic patients have side effects and how efficeient is it?
Which one of the following choices is the best way to control Type II diabetes?
Exchange lists are beneficial to creating a diet for diabetics because they?
Is an Apple bad to eat if you are Pre-Diabetic?
How do I convince a diabetic that sugar is good and nuts and meat are bad?
Is death from diabetes painful?
Can type 1 diabetes get you more drunk than if you didn't have diabetes at all?
Provide an explanation for the following symptoms associated with diabetes mellitus: lack of energy, increased urine output, and thirst?
Poll: Why do people need to pee every 1 hour during a tea party?
Diabetes solution?
How to keep Blood Sugar levels in control without taking medicines and insulin?
Blood sugar crash?
Things a prediabetic should do and eat?
I am a diabetic patient. Can I use tentex royal capsules (Himalaya product)?
What is a1c diabetes?
My hands and feet get hot , I'm 17 is this diabetes ?):?
Is there anyway for a 20 year old type 1 diabetic male to get insulin for free in the USA?
I get hot hands and feet , I'm 17y/o I think I have diabetes ):?
My post lunch blood sugar is 126mg/dl (normal is 90-140).. Does it mean I am close to 140 ...Does it mean I need to take care of anything?
What is in sugar-free candy that makes me **** my pants?
Incorrect diagnosis?
Just got back my blood work from my doctor and was told that my blood level was 161 and should be 65=99 is this call for alarm?
Can I get type 2 diabetes?
If I become overweight...?
Poll : Why do people go to the restroom so much during tea parties?
Does insulin just keep sugar from going high or to keep it at a medium?
What is the name of nerve damage done by diabetes?
I'm a male in my mid 20's i was just diagnosed with Pre Diabetes what are some healthy foods to eat?
My blood sugar was 88 45 minutes after eating a peanut butter sandwhich ? Is this normal ?
My doctor did not tell what time to check my blood sugar. What time of the day do you check yours if you also have to check it?
How many people develop type two diabetes?
When are they going to find out that toxoplasma gondii causes diabetes bc it destroys your pancreas and do something about it?
Can diabetic eat green banana?
I need a breakfast, lunch, and dinner menu for my husband type 2 diabetes?
How long can diabetes go undiagnosed until you go into a Coma and how obvious are the symptoms?
What is the best cure for diabetes?
Will 10 units of Lantus bring down my blood sugar if my reading is 240?
I think i'm addicted to candy!?
Can I eat oatmeal with high blood sugar?
Feeling sick to stomach is that a sign of diabetes? I don't have the urge to pee often however?
Diabetic foot pain?
HELP type 1 diabetes and underweight.?
Does high blood sugar distort your mind?
How long till i die from diabetes?
How is this diabetes?
I think im addicted?
Do people with diabetes have low or high cholesterol?
I think I might have diabetes?
Pre diabetes?
What is a normal blood sugar range, second request.?
Who is at risk of developing a diabetic foot ulcer?
I don't like water?
Diabetes 400?
My mom has type 2 diabetes and keeps peeing?
I don't like water?
IS this diabetes?
Is my boyfriend's blood sugar level causing his consistent vomiting?
Grandpa has High blood pressure also diabetes? Help?
Is Diabetes an advantage or a disadvantage?
Why do liberals feel they have the right to censor free speech?
HELP IS THIS DIABETES?
If I had ketones in my urine, am I diabetic?
Good day,
My dog was just diagnosed as being diabetic. I was wondering if human insulin can be used for canines?
Random Glucose score?
Do i have diabetes? im 14.?
Am I just paranoid?
What are some cool facts about Diabetes?
I am diabetic, can I drink fresh orange juice made at home ?
Being tested for prediabetes. How often will I have to see am endocrinologist if I have it? Do I have to test blood sugar regularly as well?
I went to the doctors and they did a sugar level test fasting my blood level is 118.?
My pancrease hurts and I keep having low blood sugar ? What's wrong with me ?
Is Barley Malt Extract OK for Diabetics?
Where can i find a doctor who specializes in diabetes?
What desserts can you eat being diabetes 2?
How to survive easter with gestational diabetes?
The insulin to reduce my blood sugar has caused me to develop a beer belly. how to counter those side effects short of rigorous exercise.?
I need help making a fitness plan for a 10 y/o boy with Type 1 diabetes?
What is normal blood sugar range?
Are their any circumstances where dialysis patients do not have to pay for their medicare?
Needle Preferences For Diabetics- to reuse or change every time?
Diabetes, HIGH BLOOD PRESOURCE can they be controlled naturally?
Sugar levels and alcoholism?
Is Kangen water good for people with Type1 Diabetes?
Im 13 and i think somethings wrong with me..?
Diabetes check up! SCARED and freaking out!!?
What does a blood sugar reading of LO mean?
Why does diabetes give me headache?
Do i have diabetes ?
How is obesity a risk factor for diabetes? And how can you prevent it?
How can i give myself a boost without sugar?
How does diabetes affect the endocrine system? I need specific problems diabetes causes to the Endocrine System. thankyou very much ....?
What's wrong with me can someone give me advice ?
Legs and Hands falling asleep automatically means diabetes?
Can I ever get rid of my type 2 diabetes?
Is a fasting glucose accurate?
Are there other diseases/symptoms/reasons to use a Diabetes Monitor besides diabetes?
Diabetes, and feeling sick?
Hi please help me guys about Diabetes.?
Question about double vision?
What happens when a diabetic tries to eat wood?like a termite.?
How should a 14 year old girl lose weight?
My vission is suddenly blurry, what should I do?
What should I do?
National and local strategies for prevention of DIABETES and TUBERCULOSIS e.g. Diabetes UK?
When testing for glucose levels for a 3 month period is the average range 111 high?
Diabetes check up! SCARED and freaking out!!?
What are the physical symptoms of type 2 diabetes on the body?
Excessive thirst not diabetes?
What is the difference between "sugar free" and "no sugar added" food products? I have diabetes 2. Thank you in advance.?
The doctor asked me to avoid eating bread/yeast?
Whats the difference between diabetes and triabetes.?
What are possible causes for tingling -pin and needles symptoms in feet ? Dryness of mouth only in night times. Not a diabetic?
What would a nurse or medical professional do in the instance that a patient was given too much insulin?
Help! Am I pre-diabetic?
Do I have diabetes?
Dr. Dhananjaya - apparently Diabetes expert.?
Fever of Unknown Origin, possible Diabetic?
Is my blood sugar level normal?
I recently lost my health insurance, Where can I get free Novolog insulin ?
Sugar levels during gestation diabeties?
Can you give yourself type II diabetes by eating way too much sugar and gaining a lot of weight?
Do I have diabetes?
Which diet is helpful for diabetes?
Do I have Diabetes or no?
I m really scared of getting diabetes, PLEASE HELP??
Blood sugar at night?
I don't feel hungry after taking medicine for diabetics why?
Which rice is good for diabetes steamed or brown rice?
I drank some pop last night afterwords my left foot began to tingle on and off today.I don't know if that's diabetic or getting there:?
Do I have to eat a lot the night before a fasting blood glucose test?
I ate my brother's foot, am I going to get diabetes? PLEASE HELP he's so fat?
Can Type II Diabetes be reversed through changes to diet and lifestyle?
Does high or low blood sugar make you sleepy?
Did you have herbal medicines for diabetic?
Is the dependent oedema from my diabetes related to the condition described below?
Is a fasting glucosee in the morning accurate to test diabetes?
Diabetes!!!??
Why do we kill animals to eat them if it's causing people to have heart disease, high colestrial, obesity, and diabetes? I don't get it.?
Where I can take my blood presure?
Diabetes in children!.?
Question about diabetes?
Why do people have diabetes? (NO ONE ASKED FOR IT)?
Diabetic type 1 - what happens if i don't take my insulin?
Tips on lowering my dependency on diabetes medications?
Is it true that if you get a bruise on your body it affects your type diabetes?
My blood suger is 5.4 is it normal?
My friend had diabetes. Help?
Help with diabetic food choices?
Did you have medicine for diabetics?
I am 49 years old what is the normal level of sugar?
How do you get rid of low blood sugar other than medication?
Do you have to be on a strict diet when you're on insulin?
Feel like it might be diabetes?
Can sleeping late and waking up late make your cortisol level high ?
How to corelate hba1c with blood sugar?
Worried about diabetes?
Do you think I have diabetes?
Can someone with diabetes check to see if I have it with there device?
Can someone with diabetes check if you have diabetes.?
Can diabetics go on juice detox for 3 days?
Do I have diabetes?
How to prevent Diabetes?
Newly diagnose with Type 2 Diabetes and wondering if my blood sugar could drop very low where I could die? I'm managing it with diet.?
Who can give injections to diabetic if they cant do it themselves?
Diabetic with burning red veiny eyes please help?
I need a few questions for a "Brutally Honest" Video An example: What is the number one cause of childhood diabetes? Fat Children?
Diabetes question?
Do I have Diabetes?
What is the proper diet for diabetic person?
When are they going to find out that toxoplasma gondii causes diabetes, schizophrenia, bi-polar disorder, decreased intelligence, weak?
My niece has type 1 diabetes at age 13, and has to inject insulin. Does that mean her lifespan will be shorter? Worried for her.?
Is whole wheat pasta okay for a pre-diabetic?
What causes postprandial fatigue in type-2 diabetes?
How much sugar can a diabetic have per day?
Is there a cure for diabetes ?
need answers fast?
Thinking I might have diabetes?
Is it possible my diabetic bf is giving me yeast infections?
My mom's blood sugar is over 300.?
Is drinking wine good for diabetes?
MY SISTER HAS BAD DIABETES.?
Is the freestyle freedom lite glucose meter accurate ?
Diabetes test shows my blood is normal?
I'm having a blood transfusion, what is the best way not to get Muslim blood in me? I would hate to carry such lower and sub human blood.?
Can type 2 diabetes affect my school choices?
How do you lower the potassium in your blood if there is a excess??
Breakfast to eat that will help keep my blood sugar up?
Is wine good for diabetes?
Are corn chips okay to snack on? I'm a pre-diabetic?
Kinda just giving up?
Can I get type 2 diabetes then exercise it off and be fine again?
Does diabetes cause increased body temperature?
Is it mean of me to keep honey in the house and eat it?
What are the currents methods in managing Diabetes?
Can consuming too much sugar throughout life lead to diabetes?
Can diabetes affect the color of your urine?
Can Aspartame in Diet Coke make pee sweet when not Diabetic?
Does this sound like a blood clot?
Can diabetics eat grapefruit?
Can you live a normal long heathly life while having diabetes?
Can your blood refill ?
I have the same problem 50 times or more a day but I do have diabetes and I am on metformin is this the problem?
Can oral surgions potentially diagnose you with diabetes?
Are saltine crackers okay for a pre-diabetic?
Is a Oat N Honey granola bar okay for a 15 year old pre-diabetic?
Im scared that im going to die from type 2 diabetes?
My brother is O-;my blood type is A+. Can I give my kidney to my brother?
Tuna sandwich for a fifteen year old pre-diabetic?
Can high blood sugar cause light or clear colored urine?
Can I have a full takeout meal as a type 1 diabetic?
What is it like dating someone with type 1 diabetes?
Worried about moms diabetes, don't wanna lose her?
Has anyone with diabetes been told to use lancets more than once ?
I as a joke stabbed my friend with one of those diabetes needle things that looks like a stamp. is she okay? It pricked her hand...?
Can someone whose 30 with diabetes have kidney disease? Is it reversible? Or is it a death sentence?
Do you guys know the diabetes type 1 treatment?
How to cheat a glucose test.?
Diagnosed with Prediabetes MEPS?
I m Type One Diabetic, what are my rights and what things (Hypo treatment, insulin, etc) can I take on the plane with me?
This morning, Margie's fasting blood glucose level indicated that she has hyperglycemia and pre-diabetes.?
What does it mean if blood sugar decreases?
How come my sugar is high in the morning?
Can you die from type 2 diabetes?
What happens when to much insulin is released into the blood, and what is the disability? It is for first aid.?
How does diet affect diabetes?
I have type 1 diabetes, asthma and weight 184 pounds. How can I change this,?
There's new treatments for diabetes type 1?
I think I may have prediabetes or diabetes?!? Please help me out?!? Freaking out!?
Simple lunch ideas for a 15 year old pre-diabetic?
I think I may have diabetes!? Please help!!?
Where can I buy a blood sugar monitor and strips over the counter?
MY BLOOD PRESSURE IS LOW AND I AM DIABETIC PLUS I GET VERY DIZZY
102/62?
Joshua has type 2 diabetes, and he does not control his blood glucose levels. As a result of his lack of control,?
What is a normal blood glucose level for kids 13 and older?
My husband has a constant try cough and wheezing bad at night what can I give him. he is a diabetic?
Can a 15 year old pre-diabetic have one whole tortilla for the evening time and a whole wheat burger bun for dinner?
Joshua has type 2 diabetes, and he does not control his blood glucose levels. As a result of his lack of control,?
How to Kill preDiabetic naturally without medicine?
I have a low level type 2 diabetes condition. Without thinking I ate a mid size cookie coated with chocolate icing. Now I have a headache.?
What are some protective factors of type 2 diabetes?
Is it a high chance that I have diabetes?!?
Diabetes type 2 treatment tips please?
If left untreated can diabetes cause depression, increase in hunger, increase in thirst, and low motivation?
Should i go to urgent care?
Im scared that im going to die from type 2 diabetes?
Why do my feet itch? Is it a sign of diabetes?
I'm scared I might have diabetes?
My mom made chilli cheese spaghetti last night and I want to eat some, is this okay for a pre-diabetic?
How to make a Dickkkk Stronger if you have diabetes?
My blood sugar was 72 I ate a sandwhich two and a half hours ago for lunch is this a normal reading ?
My mom believes in quackery?
My dad have diabetes, anyone can help me, the alternative to destroy diabetes?
When I put my hands down, the get numb or when I sit down my legs get numb. Google said it is diabetes, do you think it is diabetes?
How many carbs per day 4 type2 diabetes?
I really want to commit suicide, is there anything I can do to not want to?
Could I have type 1 diabetes? I ve had the thirst symptom and some other but I checked my sugar on my dads machine and it said 264?
I am diabetic and check my sugar levels. Is is possible to catch hep c through a surface into the pin hole wound from a surface?
My Blood sugar continually rises during the day! Now up to 303!?
Is having type 2 diabetes bad for your life?
How do you think what beverage is all the best for diabetes?
Is unused insulin still good after the expiration date. If so, how long. It has always been refridgerated.?
I just did blood tests and my glycemia showed up as 63 when it should range between 70-110. How bad is this? Is it army disqualifying?
Lost half a stone/diabetic?
Lowering A1c?
IS GRAPEFRUIT HELP WITH DIABETES?
